What is a tablet, anyway?
For all the buzz about "tablet computers" in recent weeks, one fundamental question about this supposedly break-through computer category remains unanswered: What exactly is a tablet?
    

Boxee Box crowned 'Last Gadget Standing' at CES
The Boxee Box, a cubelike device that shares Internet content with your TV, won the annual "Last Gadget Standing" competition Saturday at the International Consumer Electronics Show.
    

Revealing Facebook posts promote cancer awareness
Facebook took a colorful turn this week, when its female users began posting cryptic status updates.
    

What is CES anyway?
The CES conference in Las Vegas is a technology geek's heaven on earth. But what's the real importance of the annual Super Bowl of gizmos and gadgets?
    

Microsoft's Bach on 'coolest technology'
What if technology knew how the human body moved, how the human voice worked, and could react accordingly?  Microsoft's Robbie Bach says it's on the way.
    

Sci-fi writer's estate vs. Nexus One
Google's new Nexus One phone may be the next big thing. But the family of sci-fi legend Philip K. Dick says the search giant lifted its name from his book, which would become the film "Blade Runner.
    

Scientists discover oldest footprints on Earth
Scientists have found the oldest fossilized footprints made by a four-legged creature forcing a rethink on when fish first crawled out of water and onto land.
    

Palm unveils phones that create Wi-Fi hotspots
Palm on Thursday announced upgraded versions of its Pre and Pixi smartphones that add video recording and the capability to create 3G mobile hotspots for laptops and other mobile devices.
    

Microsoft's hands-free gaming
By the end of the year, people will be able to buy video games they can control by moving their bodies instead of punching buttons or swinging controllers in the air.
    

More movies, fewer new ones on Netflix
Netflix subscribers who stream films over the Web will soon be getting access to a greater number of movies from Warner Bros.
    

