Google reports China-based attack
Google says the company and at least 20 others were victims of a "highly sophisticated and targeted attack" originating in China in December, evidently to access the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists.
    

Experts warned of earthquake risk on Haiti
Scientists have warned for years that the island of Hispaniola, which Haiti shares with the Dominican Republic, was at risk for a major earthquake.
    

Haiti earthquake -- what we're hearing on the Web
CNN is monitoring tweets and other messages from people in Haiti and reports from those who said they have been in touch with friends and family. CNN has not been able to able to verify this material.
    

Microsoft glitch sends texts from the 'future'
Some smartphone owners running Windows software say they're getting messages from the future.
    

Gay marriage and a new YouTube debate
As a California court wades once again into the thorny issue of same-sex marriage, a side debate develops over the role of YouTube and other online media -- already players in politics -- in the courtroom.
    

Facebook to beef up its e-commerce team
Facebook is turning up the heat on becoming a big player in the online payments world, according to a couple of job postings for a new "Facebook Payment Operations" team that recently appeared on its site.
    

Is this a 'golden age' for inventors?
Some people follow rock stars. Steve Greenberg follows inventors.
    

10 cool new toys from CES
Internet-enabled TVs, touch-screen "tablet" computers, e-book readers and other fun  gadgets were scattered all over the enormous Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. Here are the Top 10.
    

NASA moves forward with Mars plan
NASA has big plans for its Mars Exploration Program.
    

Opinion: Gay marriage should be debated online
It's hard to imagine a video of lawyers debating points of constitutional law going viral on YouTube, but the audience for the Proposition 8 trial -- a lawsuit seeking to overturn California's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage -- is potentially vast. Unfortunately, that audience will have to wait.
    

