CES shows us the Internet of the future
If the first big technology event of the new decade -- CES -- is any indication, the 2010s are going to bring radical changes in the way we work, play and talk. The Internet is becoming embedded in everything we do.
    

10 cool new toys from CES
Internet-enabled TVs, touch-screen "tablet" computers, e-book readers and other fun  gadgets were scattered all over the enormous Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. Here are the Top 10.
    

Opinion: Gay marriage should be debated online
It's hard to imagine a video of lawyers debating points of constitutional law going viral on YouTube, but the audience for the Proposition 8 trial -- a lawsuit seeking to overturn California's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage -- is potentially vast.
    

World warming to greener train travel
Take more trains and fewer planes. That's what Sarah Kendrew pledged to herself a few years ago. An astronomer at the Netherlands' Leiden Observatory, she travels frequently to nearby countries on business -- and prefers to not leave vapor trails in the sky when doing so.
    

Apps: Not just for your phone anymore
Not so long ago, apps were something you downloaded on your phone. Now they're coming to your TV, your car and other places.
    

Boxee Box crowned 'Last Gadget Standing' at CES
The Boxee Box, a cubelike device that shares Internet content with your TV, won the annual "Last Gadget Standing" competition Saturday at the International Consumer Electronics Show.
    

Revealing Facebook posts promote cancer awareness
Facebook took a colorful turn this week, when its female users began posting cryptic status updates.
    

Sci-fi writer's estate vs. Nexus One
Google's new Nexus One phone may be the next big thing. But the family of sci-fi legend Philip K. Dick says the search giant lifted its name from his book, which would become the film "Blade Runner.
    

Scientists discover oldest footprints on Earth
Scientists have found the oldest fossilized footprints made by a four-legged creature forcing a rethink on when fish first crawled out of water and onto land.
    

Microsoft's hands-free gaming
By the end of the year, people will be able to buy video games they can control by moving their bodies instead of punching buttons or swinging controllers in the air.
    

