Apple set to unveil new product
Fevered speculation over a new Apple product will end on Wednesday when the company unveils its latest creation.
Piracy campaign 'nets innocents'
More than 150 people have come forward claiming to be wrongly accused of illegal file-sharing, a consumer group reveals.
EU to monitor anti-piracy trial
The European Commission agrees to monitor Virgin Media's trial of anti-piracy software after a complaint from privacy activists.
Newspapers block aggregator site
The Daily Mirror joins a growing number of newspapers to block news aggregator NewsNow from trawling their websites.
Nasa concedes defeat over Spirit
The US space agency concedes defeat in its battle to free the Spirit rover from its Martian sand trap.
Broadband users pay over the odds
The majority of broadband users pay for download limits that they come nowhere near reaching, a survey finds.
SeeSaw internet TV launches trial
SeeSaw, a new online TV service offering both catch-up and archive programmes, is launching a trial in the UK.
PS3 'hacked' by iPhone cracker
A hacker who gained notoriety for unlocking the iPhone as a teenager says that he has now hacked Sony's PlayStation 3.
Tech blog recovers after attack
High-profile US technology blog TechCrunch is back online after seemingly falling victim to hackers.
MP3 pioneers launch 'deluxe' music file format
A music file format, which can include lyrics, videos and artwork, is unveiled by some of the people behind MP3s.
dot. Rory
Who's winning in the file-sharing war?
Reading test
Free software aims to challenge e-book devices
Taking over
Can Spotify make money for artists and succeed in US?
Class act
Getting the best out of hi-tech teaching aids
dot.Maggie
Will Microsoft's Bing oust Google on the iPhone?
Net response
How teams of web volunteers are helping in Haiti
Apple sees profits increase 50%
Apple reports a 50% increase in profits after seeing its most profitable quarter ever over the Christmas period.
$2m file-sharing fine is slashed
A US woman told to pay a "monstrous" fine for pirating pop songs has had the damages claim slashed to $54,000.
China denies Google cyber attacks
China denies any state involvement in alleged cyber attacks on Google and accuses the US of double standards.
Taxpayers warned about tax codes
Incorrect tax codes may have been sent  by HM Revenue & Customs  because of a new computer system.
Engineers 'can learn from slime'
The way fungus-like slime moulds grow could help engineers design computer and communication networks, say researchers.
'More than 100' MPs using Twitter
More than 100 MPs are using the social networking site Twitter to communicate with voters, a survey suggests.
Microsoft patches Explorer hole
Microsoft has released a patch for a hole in Internet Explorer that is thought to have been exploited by Chinese hackers.
BT puts price on faster broadband
Telecoms firm BT has revealed how much its highest speed broadband services will cost UK consumers.
Motorola in Blackberry complaint
Motorola has asked US regulators to stop Blackberry owners, Research in Motion, from sales in the US.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
Digital data still requires storage and processing, says Bill Thompson.
Montenegro's .me name gain
Montenegro's top level domain name .me has proved extremely popular with web users as it is snapped up in record numbers.
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Net scams profit from jobseekers
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

