Germany issues Explorer warning
The German government warns web users to use a browser other than Internet Explorer to protect their security.
Yahoo criticised for China stance
Yahoo's partner in China calls the firm "reckless" for supporting Google in its row with Beijing over alleged cyber-attacks.
Tech tools offer Haiti lifeline
Services like Twitter, Facebook, and Ushahidi have taken a prime role in disaster relief in the wake of the Haiti earthquake.
Blackberry and iPhone makers sued
Camera maker Kodak will sue Apple and the maker of the Blackberry, over technology used in both of the handsets.
Porn viruses revived on mobiles
Hi-tech criminals are turning to tricks and scams from the early days of cyber crime to steal cash from smartphones.
Free music site cleared of fraud
A man who ran a file-sharing website from his Teesside home is found not guilty of conspiracy to defraud.
'Keep space station until 2020'
Esa boss Jean-Jacques Dordain wants a decision in 2010 on an extension of the life of the International Space Station.
China attack on Google 'routine'
Sophisticated cyber attacks on companies and individuals in China happen every day, security experts tell the BBC.
Schools must embrace technology
An education professional warns that "switched off devices equal switched off children" at the BETT education fair.
Slate debate
Are 'tablet' PCs the future of computers?
dot.Rory
What can be done to clear the UK's 3G traffic jam?
Help from on high
How satellites are used to help after disasters
Net censorship
The highs and lows of internet freedoms in China
dot.Maggie
Not your typical CEO: Meet Nvidia's Jen-Hsun Huang
A taste of Twitter
Why we either love or loathe sharing life online.
Steve Jobs baffles the British
Technology luminaries or footballers and spies?
Manchester to gain fibre network
A new broadband network for Manchester will give local businesses and residents speeds of 100Mbps.
Crimes to be reconstructed in 3D
Technology found in computer games and the film industry is to be used in the investigation and prosecution of serious crimes.
Strong quarterly results at Intel
US chip maker Intel reports healthy figures, in a positive sign for the US technology market.
McKinnon granted judicial review
A High Court judge will rule whether Home Secretary Alan Johnson was wrong to allow the extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon.
Modern Warfare 2 sales hit $1bn
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 becomes one of a small number of entertainment franchises to take more than $1bn in sales.
Ministers in copyright concession
Ministers back down over what critics claimed were "draconian" new powers to crack down on online copyright infringement.
Music sharer had £20,000 savings
A man who ran a file-sharing website from his Teesside home had £20,000 in 10 bank accounts, a court hears.
Fines of £500,000 for data losses
New rule could result in significant fines for those found to be breaching the Data Protection Act.
Video game shows life as an MP
Young people are to get a "virtual taste" of life as an MP, as Parliament launches its own computer game.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
Digital data still requires storage and processing, says Bill Thompson.
Montenegro's .me name gain
Montenegro's top level domain name .me has proved extremely popular with web users as it is snapped up in record numbers.
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Net scams profit from jobseekers
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

