'Iranian cyber army' hits Baidu
The hackers who took Twitter offline last year have now targeted China's most popular search engine, Baidu.
Violent games 'worse' than porn
A leading porn star courts controversy by claiming violent video games are more of a danger to children than online porn.
'Wet computer' project kicks off
An EU project to engineer "chemical computers" that mimic the actions of neurons in the brain has begun.
Complaints greet Google Nexus One
Many of the first users of Google's Nexus One are filing complaints about how it works as they look for help with the phone.
Microsoft Word 'sales ban' begins
A ban on Microsoft selling certain versions of its flagship products Word and Office begins, following a patent dispute.
Free laptop scheme is rolled out
A scheme to give free laptops to pupils from poor backgrounds is being rolled out to 270,000 families in England.
3D TV to be 'saviour' of industry
Electronics manufacturers hammered by the recession pin their hopes on 3D TV as a way to boost sales
France considers Google tax plan
A report, commissioned by the French government, has proposed taxing online firms such as Google on its ad revenue.
Privacy threatened by online life
Online exhibitionists who share intimate photos and life stories affect the privacy of everyone, claims an academic.
From second homes to second life - a virtual taste of being an MP
Young people are to get a "virtual taste" of life as an MP, as Parliament launches its own computer game.
dot.Maggie
Why a leading porn star hates the internet
All about .me
Montenegro's money-making domain
dot.Rory
How about a cyber-vacuum or the web on your TV?
Best in show
Top technology and gadgets on show at CES 2010
Hard times
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Empire protect
Why Google launched the Nexus One phone
Hi-tech 'stifled' by government
To spur innovation in the digital economy, the US government is told  to stop getting in the way.
Microsoft shows off 'slate' PC
Microsoft and HP team up to introduce a slate computer ahead of the launch of a  much rumoured device from Apple.
Project Natal to launch this year
Microsoft announces that Project Natal, its hands-free games controller, will go on sale in November 2010.
Old TVs ditched over digital fear
TV viewers are throwing away their sets in the belief that they could stop working when the analogue signal is turned off.
Decisions loom on rural net
The UK government is looking for advice on how to spend the cash it is raising for next generation broadband.
Downloads up as CD sales drop
Album sales in the UK fell by 3.5% in 2009 to 128.9 million despite a growth in digital downloads, figures show.
China sued by software company
A US software company lawsuit accuses China of stealing its code for a program used to block certain internet sites.
Contracts for Galileo sat-nav
Contracts worth one billion euros are awarded to build an operational satellite-navigation system for Europe.
Tech titans to unveil new toys
A slew of new technologies will take centre stage at the world's biggest consumer electronics meeting in Las Vegas this week.
Bigger Amazon Kindle to go global
Amazon takes on the growing e-book reader competition by launching its larger-screen Kindle DX in over 100 countries.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
We need atoms as well as bits, says Bill Thompson
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Uncovering India's e-waste
The dangers facing India's electronic recyclers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Europe fights Google's book plans
Europe fights Google's book plans
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

