Google 'may end China operations'
Internet giant Google says it may end operations in China after hackers targeted Chinese human rights activists' e-mail accounts.
Ministers in copyright concession
Ministers back down over what critics claimed were "draconian" new powers to crack down on online copyright infringement.
Fines of £500,000 for data losses
New rule could result in significant fines for those found to be breaching the Data Protection Act.
Violent games 'worse' than porn
A leading porn star courts controversy by claiming violent video games are more of a danger to children than online porn.
'Iranian cyber army' hits Baidu
The hackers who took Twitter offline last year have now targeted China's most popular search engine, Baidu.
The solar cell that builds itself
Researchers have used a property of salad dressing to get electronics to self-assemble on a range of surfaces.
'Wet computer' project kicks off
An EU project to engineer "chemical computers" that mimic the actions of neurons in the brain has begun.
Complaints greet Google Nexus One
Many of the first users of Google's Nexus One are filing complaints about how it works as they look for help with the phone.
Microsoft Word 'sales ban' begins
A ban on Microsoft selling certain versions of its flagship products Word and Office begins, following a patent dispute.
From second homes to second life - a virtual taste of being an MP
Young people are to get a "virtual taste" of life as an MP, as Parliament launches its own computer game.
dot.Maggie
Who will win in the Google v China face-off?
dot.Rory
How bad is the 3G phone signal in your area?
China crisis
Google's decision raises wider issues, says Bill Thompson
All about .me
Montenegro's money-making domain
Best in show
Top technology and gadgets on show at CES 2010
Hard times
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Free laptop scheme is rolled out
A scheme to give free laptops to pupils from poor backgrounds is being rolled out to 270,000 families in England.
3D TV to be 'saviour' of industry
Electronics manufacturers hammered by the recession pin their hopes on 3D TV as a way to boost sales
France considers Google tax plan
A report, commissioned by the French government, has proposed taxing online firms such as Google on its ad revenue.
Hi-tech 'stifled' by government
To spur innovation in the digital economy, the US government is told  to stop getting in the way.
Microsoft shows off 'slate' PC
Microsoft and HP team up to introduce a slate computer ahead of the launch of a  much rumoured device from Apple.
Project Natal to launch this year
Microsoft announces that Project Natal, its hands-free games controller, will go on sale in November 2010.
Old TVs ditched over digital fear
TV viewers are throwing away their sets in the belief that they could stop working when the analogue signal is turned off.
Decisions loom on rural net
The UK government is looking for advice on how to spend the cash it is raising for next generation broadband.
Downloads up as CD sales drop
Album sales in the UK fell by 3.5% in 2009 to 128.9 million despite a growth in digital downloads, figures show.
China sued by software company
A US software company lawsuit accuses China of stealing its code for a program used to block certain internet sites.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
We need atoms as well as bits, says Bill Thompson
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Uncovering India's e-waste
The dangers facing India's electronic recyclers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Europe fights Google's book plans
Europe fights Google's book plans
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

