China denies Google cyber attacks
China denies any state involvement in alleged cyber attacks on Google and accuses the US of double standards.
$2m file-sharing fine is slashed
A US woman told to pay a "monstrous" fine for pirating pop songs has had the damages claim slashed to $54,000.
MP3 pioneers launch 'deluxe' file
A music file format, which can include lyrics, videos and artwork, is unveiled by some of the people behind MP3s.
Ericsson cutting extra 1,500 jobs
Swedish telecoms equipment group Ericsson is cutting an extra 1,500 jobs, as it reports a 92% fall in quarterly profits.
Engineers 'can learn from slime'
The way fungus-like slime moulds grow could help engineers design computer and communication networks, say researchers.
Motorola in Blackberry complaint
Motorola has asked US regulators to stop Blackberry owners, Research in Motion, from sales in the US.
BT puts price on faster broadband
Telecoms firm BT has revealed how much its highest speed broadband services will cost UK consumers.
Microsoft patches Explorer hole
Microsoft has released a patch for a hole in Internet Explorer that is thought to have been exploited by Chinese hackers.
Dye turns fabric into a battery
A method of creating energy storage devices using a carbon nanotube "ink" has been shown to work on ordinary fabrics.
dot.Rory
'Triumph of the geek' - is public data free at last?
Class act
Getting the best out of hi-tech teaching aids
dot.Maggie
Will Microsoft's Bing oust Google on the iPhone?
On yer bike
How Google Street View captured the National Trust.
Net response
How teams of web volunteers are helping in Haiti
Slate debate
Are 'tablet' PCs the future of computers?
Nokia launches sat-nav challenge
Nokia launches a free map service for its handsets that analysts believe could challenge stand-alone sat-nav devices.
Hi-tech insurance for Kenya herds
A insurance scheme using satellite technology is launched in Kenya to offer herdsmen livestock protection during drought.
US calls for China Google probe
Hillary Clinton urges Beijing to investigate cyber attacks on Google which prompted it to threaten to leave China.
Google co-founders to sell shares
Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are selling 10 million of their shares, raising $5.5bn (£3.4bn) at current prices.
Piracy 'creates cultural deserts'
Music industry body the IFPI claims that music piracy has destroyed opportunities for artists in countries such as Spain.
Web's inventor unveils data site
Web founder Sir Tim Berners-Lee unveils a UK government website that aims to make public sector data freely available.
Brain size governs game prowess
If you find video games a struggle, it could be to do with the size of certain parts of your brain, a study suggests.
YouTube turns movie rental outlet
Video-sharing site YouTube is set to unveil a movie rental service as it looks for ways to boost its revenues.
EU backs Oracle's takeover of Sun
The European Union approves Oracle's $7.4bn takeover of fellow US firm group Sun Microsystems.
No social networking at Man Utd
Manchester United football club says that none of its players have personal profiles on social network sites.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
Digital data still requires storage and processing, says Bill Thompson.
Montenegro's .me name gain
Montenegro's top level domain name .me has proved extremely popular with web users as it is snapped up in record numbers.
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Net scams profit from jobseekers
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

