3D TV to be 'saviour' of industry
TV manufacturers  hammered by the recession pin their hopes on 3D TV as a way to boost sales
Privacy threatened by online life
Online exhibitionists who share intimate photos and life stories affect the privacy of everyone, claims an academic.
France considers Google tax plan
A report, commissioned by the French government, has proposed taxing online firms such as Google on its ad revenue.
Hi-tech 'stifled' by government
To spur innovation in the digital economy, the US government is told  to stop getting in the way.
UK e-reader to challenge Kindle
UK firm Plastic Logic has launched its Que e-reader in a  bid to challenge the dominance of Amazon's Kindle.
Microsoft shows off 'slate' PC
Microsoft and HP team up to introduce a slate computer ahead of the launch of a  much rumoured device from Apple.
Old TVs ditched over digital fear
TV viewers are throwing away their sets in the belief that they could stop working when the analogue signal is turned off.
Project Natal to launch this year
Microsoft announces that Project Natal, its hands-free games controller, will go on sale in November 2010.
Decisions loom on rural broadband
The UK government is looking for advice on how to spend the cash it is raising for next generation broadband.
Maggie Shiels's inside view of technology in Silicon Valley

Rory Cellan-Jones on how technology is shaping our lives

Hard times
How scammers are targeting job seekers
All about .me
Montenegro's money-making domain
Best in show
Top technology and gadgets on show at CES 2010
Forget me not
France ponders putting a time limit to online life
dot.Maggie
Mr Hollywood in Vegas: Jeffrey Katzenberg on 3D
Empire protect
Why Google launched the Nexus One phone
Downloads up as CD sales drop
Album sales in the UK fell by 3.5% in 2009 to 128.9 million despite a growth in digital downloads, figures show.
China sued by software company
A US software company lawsuit accuses China of stealing its code for a program used to block certain internet sites.
Contracts for Galileo sat-nav
Contracts worth one billion euros are awarded to build an operational satellite-navigation system for Europe.
Tech titans to unveil new toys
A slew of new technologies will take centre stage at the world's biggest consumer electronics meeting in Las Vegas this week.
Bigger Amazon Kindle to go global
Amazon takes on the growing e-book reader competition by launching its larger-screen Kindle DX in over 100 countries.
File-sharing student fights fine
A US student fined $675,000 for illegally downloading music has asked for the damages awarded against him to be reduced.
Facebook blocks deletion service
Facebook is clamping down on websites that offer to remove people from online social networking communities.
Gumtree dumps online dating
Online trading website Gumtree has shut down the 'dating' and 'casuals' areas of its website.
Nokia launch second Apple case
Handset maker Nokia has launched a second court case in its legal battle with Apple over patents.
Computer 'spots art fakes'
A simple method of dicing up and analysing images of artworks reveals an accurate way to spot fakes, researchers say.
The past is the future for tech
Bill Thompson keeps an eye on the future
The media and the message
Innovation is the key for papers says Bill Thompson
Keep cyberspace a public space
The online commons should be preserved for all, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Digital world has feet on ground
We need atoms as well as bits, says Bill Thompson
Online activism gets tactical
Documentary aims to help online activists
Uncovering India's e-waste
The dangers facing India's electronic recyclers
Solar power lights up the world
Solar power technology comes of age.
Europe fights Google's book plans
Europe fights Google's book plans
Digital Revolution

Internet Blog

