Japan Airlines shares plunge 45%
Japan Airlines shares drop to a record low as investors fear it is headed for bankruptcy, despite an improved offer from American Airlines.
Airbus chief 'may cancel A400M'
The head of Airbus tells the BBC he is prepared to cancel the A400M plane if governments fail to provide enough cash.
Bank boss defends pay structure
The chief executive of RBS defends his bank's pay structure to MPs, but admits that his parents think he earns too much.
Tesco has strong festive season
The UK's biggest retailer Tesco says it had its strongest Christmas performance for three years, after seeing a rise in sales.
Cadbury in further bid fightback
Cadbury reiterates that its shareholders should reject Kraft's takeover bid, saying it enjoyed an  "outstanding" 2009.
Soldiers close shops in Venezuela
Inspectors backed by soldiers shut some 70 shops in Venezuela accused of trying to cash in on the bolivar's devaluation.
Firms contest apartheid lawsuit
A US court hears a challenge by companies seeking to dismiss a case against them relating to apartheid-era South Africa.
UK 'close to leaving recession'
The British Chambers of Commerce say the UK economy appears on the brink of exiting recession, but that weaknesses remain.
Doors open at Detroit motor show
The 2010 Detroit Motor Show gets underway with Ford showcasing its updated Focus compact model, and makers promoting electric cars.
Man United to raise £500m
Manchester United says it plans to raise £500m through a bond issue to refinance its debts, as it reports annual profits of £48.2m.
Art and antiques shun recession as investors seek safe havens
Art and antiques have shunned the recession with prices rising as investors look for "safe" places to put their funds, a survey says.
India hockey players go on strike
Members of India's national hockey team refuse to attend training for the upcoming World Cup because of a wage dispute.
Hicks Jr leaves Liverpool board
Liverpool says Tom Hicks Jr, son of co-owner Tom Hicks, has resigned as a director of the club and parent Kop Holdings.
Bernie Ecclestone in bid for Saab
Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone is part of a bid to buy struggling Swedish carmaker Saab from General Motors.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Taxpayers' money
US politicians inspect Detroit automotive firms
Robert Peston
A happy but slightly anxious new year on the High Street
Going for growth
Who wins from China's export growth?
dot.Rory
How about a cyber-vacuum or the web on your TV?
High voltage
Detroit motor show plans for an electric US car industry
Hangover looms
Sales could tumble as scrappage schemes expire
Hard times
How scammers are targeting job seekers
Christmas sales beat expectations
Retailers enjoyed their best December growth for eight years, the British Retail Consortium (BRC) says.
Pace of house price rises 'eases'
The pace of house prices increases slowed at the end  of 2009, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors says.
UK exports in November increased
UK exports in November jumped to the highest in 13 months, helping the trade deficit to narrow, official figures show.
Fresh alert over UK gas supplies
High demand for gas causes the National Grid to issue a new gas alert, calling for companies to increase gas supplies.
Retailers see healthy Christmas
Poundland, the Co-operative Group and House of Fraser report buoyant trading over the Christmas period.
Santander rebrands branches
The Spanish bank Santander starts renaming the 1,045 branches of the former Abbey and Bradford & Bingley banks.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
Shell oil case set to go to court
A Dutch court rules it has the authority to hear a case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell.
Heineken agrees Mexican beer deal
Brewing giant Heineken says it has bought the beer operations of Mexico's Femsa, including brands Sol and Dos Equis.
Chavez warns price 'speculators'
Venezuela's President Chavez says troops will seize control of any business raising prices after the country's currency was devalued.
China 'overtakes US' in car sales
China says it overtook the United States to become the world's biggest car and van market in 2009.
Chinese prosecutors mull Rio case
China tells Australia its inquiry into four Rio Tinto mining executives accused of industrial espionage is now with prosecutors.
Greece increases taxes on alcohol
The Greek government announces increases in taxes on alcohol and tobacco as it seeks to counter the country's debt crisis.
France considers Google tax plan
A report, commissioned by the French government, seeks ways to counteract digital dominance over content.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
South Korea wins nuclear contract
A South Korean consortium wins a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates.
India firms 'count Facebook cost'
Indian firms are losing productivity because office staff spend too long on  social networking sites, a survey says.
Indian regulator curbs Barclays
India's financial regulator suspends UK bank Barclays from dealing in products that allow foreign investors to buy Indian stocks.
Shock at credit card mortgage use
Charity Shelter says it is shocked by the number of people a survey suggests are using credit cards to help pay mortgages.
New tax campaign targets doctors
Doctors and dentists are being targeted by HM Revenue & Customs in a fresh campaign against tax dodgers.
Retirement age rules 'arbitrary'
Harriet Harman signals a wish to change the law that would allow workers to work beyond the age of 65.
Charity fuel aid plea for elderly
More financial help is needed for elderly people struggling in the current cold snap, says charity Age Concern and Help the Aged.
