Reform plans set up Davos clash
Proposals for bank reforms and tighter regulation are set to cause controversy at the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Asian boost for Japanese exports
Japan's exports grew for the first time in 15 months in December, boosted by demand in Asia, official figures show.
Saab being sold to Dutch firm
General Motors agrees to sell its Saab subsidiary to Dutch luxury carmaker Spyker and vows to suspend wind-down activities.
Yahoo profits rise but sales fall
Internet giant Yahoo posts a $153m profit in the fourth quarter, but says sales are continuing to fall.
Toyota halts sales of US models
Toyota says it will suspend sales of some of its most popular US models after recalling 2.3 million cars last week.
Apple set to unveil new product
Fevered speculation over a new Apple product will end on Wednesday when the company unveils its latest creation.
Global bosses are confident again
Most of the world's top bosses are confident about the future, and many plan to start hiring again, a survey suggests.
UK economy out of recession
The UK economy leaves recession, after figures show the economy grew by 0.1% in the last three months of 2009.
IMF more upbeat on world growth
The International Monetary Fund raises its projection for GDP growth in the worldwide economy from 3.1% to 3.9% in 2010.
Davos police commander found dead
The police commander in charge of security at the World Economic Forum in Davos has been found dead in his hotel room, local authorities say.
Tesco joins film industry with Jackie Collins adaptation
Tesco forms a joint venture to make films of books by best-selling authors, starting with Jackie Collins.
New Zealand airline unveils beds for economy class travellers
Air New Zealand unveils the first beds in economy class travel, for couples or small families.
Crystal Palace in administration
Championship side Crystal Palace go into administration and are set for a 10-point deduction.
PM Brown warns clubs over debts
Prime Minister Gordon Brown issues a warning over football finances by saying some club debts are "too high".
IPL owners turn on media over row
Indian Premier League cricket team owners say too much is made of the fact there were no takers for Pakistani players.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Recession over?
Is the UK now OK or could there be surprises to come?
Valley news
What Davos 2010 tells us about the global economy
Budget v luxury
Ryanair charges fail to put off customers
Robert Peston
Bank of England backs spirit of Obama's reforms
Ten things
Surprising stuff you didn't know about the Davos meeting
Across the map
Snapshots of how the UK economy is coping now
Pound falls after weak GDP growth
The pound falls against the dollar and the euro on the money markets after disappointing UK economic growth figures.
US deficit 'set to hit $1.35tn'
The US budget deficit is expected to reach $1.35 trillion (£837bn) in 2010, according to US Congress estimates.
US home prices up for sixth month
US house prices rose in November for the sixth month in a row while US consumer confidence continues to grow, figures show.
US regulator clears music merger
A merger between Ticketmaster and concert promoter Live Nation is cleared by the US Department of Justice.
Aldi Travel stops taking bookings
UK firm Aldi Travel, a holiday business belonging to the German supermarket group, closes to new bookings.
Business struggles to gain trust
Business leaders around the world are struggling to regain the trust of consumers, the annual Edelman Trust Barometer suggests.
Tullow Oil eyes Uganda expansion
UK explorer Tullow Oil is seeking to take full control of two sites it co-discovered in Uganda, in a move that would block Italy's Eni.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
GM to invest in electric motors
GM announces plans to invest $246m in the production of electric motors to power electric and hybrid vehicles.
Probe launched into AIG bail-out
The US bail-out watchdog announces two investigations into the government's rescue of insurance firm AIG.
Japan interest rates kept on hold
Japan's central bank keeps its key interest rate unchanged and underlines its determination to overcome deflation.
Brussels probes BHP-Rio venture
European regulators will probe a controversial joint venture between mining giants Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton.
German business confidence rises
German business confidence rises to its highest level in 18 months, driven by strong exports, according to a key index.
Siemens' profits up by a quarter
Siemens reports a big jump in profits for the final three months of last year, largely as a result of cutting costs.
Shell signs Iraq oil field deal
Oil giant Shell and Malaysia's state-run Petronas finalise a contract to develop Iraq's large Majnoon oil field.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
Jaguar Land Rover boss to depart
The chief executive of Jaguar Land Rover, David Smith, is to stand down, the Indian-owned carmaker confirms.
India's Reliance profit increases
Indian oil giant Reliance Industries says that net profits jumped to 40.1bn rupees ($861m, £530m) in the last three months of 2009.
Rich-poor gap 'wider than 1970s'
The gap between rich and poor is wider now than 40 years ago, a government-commissioned panel has reported.
Mortgage approvals 'on the rise'
The number of mortgages approved for house purchases rose at the end of the year, figures from UK banks show.
National Savings' bid for savers
National Savings & Investments is to launch an instant access savings account accessible by phone or internet.
Building societies' merger backed
Yorkshire Building Society members vote in favour of a merger with Chelsea, paving the way for the deal to go ahead.
