Japan Airlines 'to go bankrupt'
Japan Airlines, Asia's biggest carrier, is to file for bankruptcy protection and lay off thousands of workers, reports say.
Cadbury agrees Kraft takeover bid
Cadbury is to be taken over by US food company Kraft after its board approved a new bid, the BBC has learned.
IMF head in 'double-dip' warning
The International Monetary Fund head warns of another downturn, even as German and French growth forecasts are raised.
Ministers welcome Greek debt work
Eurozone finance ministers welcome the Greek government's efforts to reduce the country's huge budget deficit.
Union to hold new BA strike vote
British Airways cabin crew will vote again on possible strike action, the Unite union announces.
Dubai bail-out less than thought
Dubai reveals that half of its $10bn bail-out from Abu Dhabi was actually from a previous deal.
Tullow Oil eyes Uganda expansion
UK explorer Tullow Oil is seeking to take full control of two sites it co-discovered in Uganda, in a move that would block Italy's Eni.
French and UK utilities end talks
French utility GDF Suez says talks with International Power over a tie-up have ended with no agreement reached.
France in fresh Explorer warning
France echoes calls by the German government for web users to find an alternative to Microsoft's Internet Explorer.
Swiss Re sells assets to Buffett
Swiss reinsurance giant Swiss Re sells part of its US business to Berkshire Hathaway, the investment vehicle of billionaire Warren Buffett.
Cold weather sees huge rise in sales of dog coats
The cold weather leads to a 70% increase in sales of dog coats, according to the retailer Pets at Home.
Space pilot jobs set to take off
Becoming the pilot of a spaceship may seem the stuff of science fiction, but it could be a regular job in just 20 years time, a report says.
Rock renews as Newcastle sponsor
Newcastle United signs a new four-year sponsorship deal with state-backed Northern Rock worth up to £10m.
Khan signs deal with Golden Boy
WBA light-welterweight champion Amir Khan announces a deal with United States-based Golden Boy Promotions.
BT aims to undercut Sky on sport
BT says it will cut the cost of viewing premium sports content, if an Ofcom probe orders Sky to drop its wholesale price to rivals.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Exit growth?
Venezuela's further slide into state-owned slump
Dial-a-diva
Beyonce is new recruit in Caribbean phone battle
Angolan goals
Can the Africa Cup of Nations boost country's economy?
Perfect swing
Is golf the way for a Chinese child to get ahead?
UK humbled?
British anxiety over influence in Europe after crisis
Robert Peston
Kraft poised to make knockout bid for Cadbury
Economy faces 'painful' refocus
A study warns the UK faces a decade of "painful readjustment" as it moves away from debt-led consumer spending.
Chinese online revenue 'surges'
A research firm says online revenue generated in China surged by more than 30% to 74.3bn yuan ($10.9bn) in 2009.
'Years' for UK cities to recover
It will take several years for some parts of the UK to recover from the recession, a think tank claims.
Advertising spend 'to increase'
UK advertising budgets are set to increase this year as the economy recovers, a survey of advertisers suggests.
Asia boosts Cartier owner's sales
Luxury group Richemont reports a bigger-than-expected rise in sales for October to December.
Renault build new Clio in France
Renault says some new Clio models will be built in France, calming fears that production would move to Turkey.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
Shell oil case set to go to court
A Dutch court rules it has the authority to hear a case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell.
JP Morgan reports $3.3bn profits
Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase reports profits of $3.3bn (£2bn) for the last three months of 2009.
Blackberry and iPhone makers sued
Camera maker Kodak will sue Apple and the maker of the Blackberry, over technology used in both of the handsets.
Japan Airlines shares hit new low
Shares in the troubled carrier Japan Airlines plunge to a record low of 5 yen ahead of an expected bankruptcy filing.
Petronas inks Iraq oil field deal
Oil giant Shell and Malaysia's state-run Petronas finalise a contract to develop Iraq's large Majnoon oil field.
P&O axes Spanish ferry service
A P ferry to Spain operating from Portsmouth is to be withdrawn because of financial losses, putting 252 jobs at risk.
Eurozone inflation rises to 0.9%
Inflation in the eurozone rose to 0.9% in December, official figures show, thanks largely to rising oil prices feeding through to the pumps.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
South Korea wins nuclear contract
A South Korean consortium wins a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates.
Tata Motors in huge sales jump
Tata Motors, India's largest vehicle maker, says it sold 74,707 vehicles around the world in Decembe 2009, a rise of 84% on December 2008 figures.
India firms 'count Facebook cost'
Indian firms are losing productivity because office staff spend too long on  social networking sites, a survey says.
Doorstep energy sales tightened
New rules that ensure doorstep energy salesmen hand over a written quote have come into force.
Tory marriage tax breaks attacked
Conservative plans for tax breaks for married couples have come under fire from both Labour and the Lib Dems.
Spending timing affects donations
Consumers' unusual spending habits coinciding with giving to good causes increase the chances of charity donations being blocked.
'Top 10' doorstep crime suspects
The faces of nine men and a woman dubbed the country's "most wanted" doorstep criminals are released by police.
