Google 'may end China operations'
Internet giant Google says it may end operations in China after hackers targeted Chinese human rights activists' e-mail accounts.
German economy shrank 5% in 2009
The German economy shrank by 5% in 2009, hit by a slump in exports and investment, official data shows.
Japan Airlines shares dive 81%
Shares in the troubled carrier Japan Airlines continue to fall on mounting speculation that it will file for bankruptcy.
Global recession knocks start-ups
The number of new businesses being set up worldwide has dropped during the global recession, a report claims.
US financial crisis panel to open
A 10-member panel established by US Congress to examine the causes of the financial crisis will begin its hearings on Wednesday.
Societe Generale warns on profits
French bank Societe Generale issues a profit warning and now expects to write down a further £1.25bn.
EU casts doubt on Greek figures
An EU report condemns "severe irregularities" in Greek accounting procedures, as the country struggles with a huge deficit.
Ford vehicles lead MOT failures
MOT failure rates for cars are revealed for the first time, with the Ford Transit line leading the worst offenders.
Airbus chief 'may cancel A400M'
The head of Airbus tells the BBC he is prepared to cancel the A400M plane if governments fail to provide enough cash.
Do your bosses need feedback? A new survey suggests they do...
Firms will have a happier and healthier workforce if employees can tell their managers what they think of them, says a study of workplace behaviour.
Leicester chairman on tax charges
Leicester City chairman Milan Mandaric faces two charges of cheating the public revenue which date back to his time at Portsmouth Football Club.
Ashes TV decision set for spring
A decision on whether Ashes cricket returns to free-to-air TV as one of UK sport's "crown jewels" will be made in early June.
India hockey players lift strike
Striking members of the Indian hockey team decide to return to a training camp for the World Cup.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Recession babies
The newborns waiting for a growth spurt
Robert Peston
Why has Google flip-flopped on China issue?
$10m prize
Who will invent the 100 miles to the gallon car?
Star billing
New owners take centre stage at Detroit show
Going for growth
Who wins from China's export growth?
High voltage
Detroit motor show plans for an electric US car industry
Industrial production rises 0.4%
Industrial production in the UK rose slightly faster than expected in November, official data shows.
US trade deficit widens sharply
The US trade deficit widened sharply in November as the recovering economy boosted demand for imports, figures show.
Pension fund finances improving
The finances of 7,400 private final salary pension schemes improved in December, the Pension Protection Fund says.
Greggs bakery sees rise in sales
Bakery chain Greggs says it had a strong Christmas performance, selling more than a million mince pies a week.
RBS chief defends pay structure
The chief executive of RBS defends his bank's pay structure, but admits that his parents think he earns too much.
Head of NI drugs giant Almac dies
The prominent industrialist and philanthropist Sir Allen McClay dies in the US after a short illness.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
Shell oil case set to go to court
A Dutch court rules it has the authority to hear a case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell.
Heineken agrees Mexican beer deal
Brewing giant Heineken says it has bought the beer operations of Mexico's Femsa, including brands Sol and Dos Equis.
Chavez warns price 'speculators'
Venezuela's President Chavez says troops will seize control of any business raising prices after the country's currency was devalued.
China 'overtakes US' in car sales
China says it overtook the United States to become the world's biggest car and van market in 2009.
Chinese prosecutors mull Rio case
China tells Australia its inquiry into four Rio Tinto mining executives accused of industrial espionage is now with prosecutors.
Tesco has strong festive season
The UK's biggest retailer Tesco says it had its strongest Christmas performance for three years, after seeing a rise in sales.
Greece increases taxes on alcohol
The Greek government announces increases in taxes on alcohol and tobacco as it seeks to counter the country's debt crisis.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
South Korea wins nuclear contract
A South Korean consortium wins a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates.
India firms 'count Facebook cost'
Indian firms are losing productivity because office staff spend too long on  social networking sites, a survey says.
Indian regulator curbs Barclays
India's financial regulator suspends UK bank Barclays from dealing in products that allow foreign investors to buy Indian stocks.
Bond interest payments missed
A technical glitch leads to 8,000 National Savings & Investments (NS) investors receiving no interest payments in January.
Pace of house price rises 'eases'
The pace of house prices increases slowed at the end  of 2009, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors says.
Shock at credit card mortgage use
Charity Shelter says it is shocked by the number of people a survey suggests are using credit cards to help pay mortgages.
Santander rebrands branches
The Spanish bank Santander starts renaming the 1,045 branches of the former Abbey and Bradford & Bingley banks.
