China 'becomes largest exporter'
Chinese exports rose 17.7% in December, suggesting it has overtaken Germany as the world's largest exporter, say reports.
GM winding Saab down
General Motors begins the process to close Swedish carmaker Saab, but says it is continuing efforts to find a buyer.
Venezuela to devalue its currency
Venezuela will devalue its currency, the bolivar, by at least 17% against the US dollar to boost oil revenues.
'Slow' recovery for South Africa
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma warns his country's recovery from the global economic crisis will be slow.
Surprise rise in US job losses
US employers unexpectedly cut 85,000 jobs in December, but the unemployment rate held steady at 10%, official figures show.
Referendum due on Icesave
Icelandic MPs vote to hold a referendum on a controversial plan to repay foreign savers over the collapse of the Icesave bank.
Argentina bank chief reinstated
A judge orders the reinstatement of Argentina's central bank governor and blocks a plan to use reserves to pay debt.
Canwest to sell newspaper group
Canadian media giant Canwest Global puts its entire newspaper division under bankruptcy protection as it seeks a buyer.
UPS to cut 1,800 management jobs
United Parcel Service (UPS) is to cut back its workforce as part of a reorganisation of its US small parcels division.
Art and antiques shun recession as investors seek safe havens
Art and antiques have shunned the recession with prices rising as investors look for "safe" places to put their funds, a survey says.
Robert Peston's blog - for the latest business analysis
For the latest business analysis
Stephanomics - economic analysis from Stephanie Flanders
For the latest economics analysis
Bernie Ecclestone in bid for Saab
Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone is part of a bid to buy struggling Swedish carmaker Saab from General Motors.
Manchester City post massive loss
A player-buying spree after being taken over by Sheikh Mansour sees Manchester City lose £92.6m in 2008/09.
JD Sports predicts higher profit
JD Sports says it believes profits will "significantly exceed" market forecasts after seeing a rise in sales over Christmas.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Hangover looms
Sales could tumble as scrappage schemes expire
India off scooters
The humble two- wheeler makes way for the cheap car.
Robert Peston
Why do we trust the leaders of the banking sector?
Huge market
Small cars star at India's main motorshow
dot.Maggie
Mr Hollywood in Vegas: Jeffrey Katzenberg on 3D
Ice breaking
Cold weather is big business for online dating agencies
California budget cuts unveiled
California's Governor Schwarzenegger unveils spending cuts aimed at containing the state's $20bn budget deficit.
German exports beat expectations
Germany's exports rose by more than expected in November, figures show, the third monthly increase in succession.
New wind farm zones announced
Successful bids for nine new offshore wind farm zone licences within UK waters have been announced.
Virgin deal paves way for UK bank
Virgin Money positions itself for an assault on the UK retail banking market as it buys regional bank Church House Trust.
France considers Google tax plan
A report, commissioned by the French government, seeks ways to counteract digital dominance over content.
Name set for new pension scheme
The new government-backed national workplace pension scheme will be called the National Employment Savings Trust.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
Shell oil case set to go to court
A Dutch court rules it has the authority to hear a case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell.
Boeing reports 61% fall in orders
Aircraft maker Boeing reports a 61% drop in commercial aircraft orders for 2009 after the recession hit demand.
Cadbury investors reject Kraft
Cadbury shareholders overwhelmingly reject the initial hostile takeover offer tabled by Kraft Food.
China Mobile fires vice-chairman
China Mobile Ltd, the world's biggest mobile phone operator, dismisses its vice-chairman amid allegations of "serious financial irregularities".
Big increase in sales at Uniqlo
Budget clothing chain Uniqlo continues to attract customers as profits rise again at its parent group Fast Retailing.
Greece increases taxes on alcohol
The Greek government announces increases in taxes on alcohol and tobacco as it seeks to counter the country's debt crisis.
Eurozone unemployment hits 10%
Unemployment in the 16 countries that use the euro hits 10% for the first time since the single currency was introduced.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
South Korea wins nuclear contract
A South Korean consortium wins a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates.
India firms 'count Facebook cost'
Indian firms are losing productivity because office staff spend too long on  social networking sites, a survey says.
Indian regulator curbs Barclays
India's financial regulator suspends UK bank Barclays from dealing in products that allow foreign investors to buy Indian stocks.
Charity fuel aid plea for elderly
More financial help is needed for elderly people struggling in the current cold snap, says charity Age Concern and Help the Aged.
PIN fraud: refunds first, questions after
The Financial Services Authority says it is monitoring the PIN fraud refund policies of UK banks.
Change bank 'for faster payments'
Customers are being advised to move their accounts if their bank does not offer faster payments.
House prices 'up on a year ago'
UK house prices were 1.1% higher in December than a year earlier - the first annual rise since March 2008, the Halifax says.
