Ericsson cutting extra 1,500 jobs
Swedish telecoms equipment group Ericsson is cutting an extra 1,500 jobs, as it reports a 92% fall in quarterly profits.
Ferrero pulls out of Cadbury race
Italy's Ferrero formally declares itself out of the Cadbury takeover race, leaving Kraft as the only bidder.
Wal-Mart cutting 11,200 jobs
The world's largest supermarket group, Wal-Mart, is planning to cut 11,200 jobs at its Sam's Club stores.
Cost cuts boost Philips profits
Global electronics firm Philips reports a profit of 251m euros for the last three months of 2009, helped by job cuts.
German consumer confidence fades
German consumer confidence is fading, hit by the threat of rising unemployment, according to a survey.
Goldman UK partners cap pay
UK-based partners at Goldman Sachs are capping their 2009 pay and bonuses at £1m each, the BBC has learned.
BA cabin crew start strike vote
Cabin crew at British Airways are to begin voting on whether to strike, in a long-running dispute with management.
China denies Google cyber attacks
China denies any state involvement in alleged cyber attacks on Google and accuses the US of double standards.
Support for Bernanke confirmation
The White House says it is confident of Ben Bernanke's confirmation as Federal Reserve chairman for a second term.
Africa tourism 'lifted by Obama'
The effect of a US president with African heritage and the 2010 World Cup are boosting African tourism, experts say.
UK firms warned of 'bumpy ride'
UK companies should prepare for 'a bumpy recovery', despite a fall in the number of profit warnings, a report says.
Tesco joins film industry with Jackie Collins adaptation
Tesco forms a joint venture to make films of books by best-selling authors, starting with Jackie Collins.
Oracle boss admits affair - after billboards of couple appear
The president of business software firm Oracle admits having an affair - after billboards of showing the couple mysteriously appear.
Hicks agrees Rangers sale to Ryan
Liverpool FC co-owner Tom Hicks agrees to sell his controlling interest in the Texas Rangers to a group including legendary former pitcher Nolan Ryan.
Man United raise £504m in bonds
Manchester United have succeeded in raising £504m through a bonds issue, allowing them to refinance their debts.
IPL to be shown live on YouTube
Web search giant Google says it will stream all Indian Premier League cricket matches live on its YouTube video-sharing site.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Taking off
How India's aviation industry is soaring
Skills shortage
Business leaders coming to Davos need new skills
Robert Peston
Banking reforms do not come bigger than these
Not so simple
Do you really know what organic means?
City within a city
Lagos aims to be Africa's model megacity
Online retailing
Why small firms should focus on the web
'Deep impact' of downturn on jobs
The impact of the recession on unemployment is deeper than headline figures suggest, a report says.
Bank bail-out alternatives sought
Measures to prevent taxpayers from ever having to bail out banks again will be discussed at a meeting led by Lord Myners.
UK car production slumped in 2009
UK car production fell by 31% in 2009 following the collapse in the global car market, industry figures show.
Hornby sees toy sales race ahead
Toymaker Hornby says it saw a major increase in pre-Christmas orders, with Scalextric sales seeing strong demand.
BBC commercial stake sale urged
A House of Lords committee says the BBC should sell a stake in its commercial arm, BBC Worldwide.
Barclays bank to 'defer bonuses'
Barclays Bank is to defer paying bonuses earned this year to its directors and senior staff for up to three years.
Tullow Oil eyes Uganda expansion
UK explorer Tullow Oil is seeking to take full control of two sites it co-discovered in Uganda, in a move that would block Italy's Eni.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
McDonald's profits jump by 23%
McDonald's says its net profits jumped 23% in the last three months of 2009, with the UK its best performing market.
Hershey rules out bid for Cadbury
US confectionery firm Hershey says it has no plans to bid for Britain's Cadbury, clearing the way for its takeover by Kraft.
Sony Ericsson cautious on market
Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson narrows fourth-quarter losses but remains cautious about market conditions.
Rusal launches $2.2bn share sale
Russian aluminium firm Rusal sells $2.2bn (£1.36bn) of shares in a public listing in Hong Kong.
BA strikers may lose travel perks
British Airways threatens cabin crew who go on strike that they may lose travel perks permanently.
Easyjet in court over labour laws
Easyjet faces court action in Paris charged with breaking French labour laws by allegedly failing to declare 170 staff at Orly airport.
Shell signs Iraq oil field deal
Oil giant Shell and Malaysia's state-run Petronas finalise a contract to develop Iraq's large Majnoon oil field.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
India's Reliance profit increases
Indian oil giant Reliance Industries says that net profits jumped to 40.1bn rupees ($861m, £530m) in the last three months of 2009.
IMF head in 'double-dip' warning
The International Monetary Fund head warns of another downturn, even as German and French growth forecasts are raised.
Call for over-65s to keep working
People should be allowed to work longer and with more flexible hours, the Equality and Human Rights Commission says.
Cuts 'could hit affordable homes'
Cuts could halve the number of planned affordable homes built over the next 10 years, a housing group warns.
Concern over prepaid card costs
People in some of the poorest parts of the country are having benefits paid onto pre-paid cards, but many are not aware of the costs involved.
Heating scheme 'needs more funds'
A government scheme, Warm Front, which helps vulnerable people with their heating, "needs more funding", an MP says.
