IMF head says Asia leads recovery
The head of the International Monetary Fund says that developing Asian economies are leading a global recovery.
Japan Airlines shares hit new low
Shares in the troubled carrier Japan Airlines plunge to a record low of 5 yen ahead of an expected bankruptcy filing.
Billionaire wins Chile election
Conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera wins Chile's presidential run-off, ending more than 20 years of centre-left rule.
Shell signs Iraq oil field deal
Oil giant Shell and Malaysia's state-run Petronas finalise a contract to develop Iraq's large Majnoon oil field.
BT aims to undercut Sky on sport
BT says it will cut the cost of viewing premium sports content, if an Ofcom probe orders Sky to drop its wholesale price to rivals.
Fraud fear blocks Haiti donations
Some online donations to help victims of the earthquake in Haiti are being wrongly blocked by banks as fraudulent.
Kraft 'must raise Cadbury offer'
A major Cadbury shareholder indicates US food giant Kraft will have to raise its hostile takeover offer if it wishes to win support.
Yahoo criticised for China stance
Yahoo's partner in China calls the firm "reckless" for supporting Google in its row with Beijing over alleged cyber-attacks.
JP Morgan reports $3.3bn profits
Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase reports profits of $3.3bn (£2bn) for the last three months of 2009.
Blackberry and iPhone firms sued
Camera maker Kodak will sue Apple and the maker of the Blackberry, over technology used in both of the handsets.
US consumer prices rise
US consumer prices saw a slower-than-expected rise in December, pushing prices up a total of 2.7% in 2009.
Cold weather sees huge rise in sales of dog coats
The cold weather leads to a 70% increase in sales of dog coats, according to the retailer Pets at Home.
Space pilot jobs set to take off
Becoming the pilot of a spaceship may seem the stuff of science fiction, but it could be a regular job in just 20 years time, a report says.
Portsmouth threaten to sue League
Portsmouth threaten to sue the Premier League in a bid to get the club's transfer embargo lifted.
2012 Games infrastructure 'safe'
Security measures for the Olympics cover everything from computer ticketing to sewage systems.
West Ham prepare for new owners
Lotus F1 team boss Tony Fernandes joins Italian Massimo Cellino as a front-runner in the race to buy West Ham.
Guidelines for financial journalists

Dial-a-diva
Beyonce is new recruit in Caribbean phone battle
Angolan goals
Can the Africa Cup of Nations boost country's economy?
Perfect swing
Is golf the way for a Chinese child to get ahead?
UK humbled?
British anxiety over influence in Europe after crisis
Robert Peston
Will Obama's bank bail-out tax go global?
Now zen
How will Japan Airlines fare under its zen monk boss?
Economy faces 'painful' refocus
A study warns the UK faces a decade of "painful readjustment" as it moves away from debt-led consumer spending.
'Years' for UK cities to recover
It will take several years for some parts of the UK to recover from the recession, a think tank claims.
Doubts cast over Christmas sales
The success of the UK retail sector over the Christmas period may not be as buoyant as the figures suggest, a study warns.
Advertising spend 'to increase'
UK advertising budgets are set to increase this year as the economy recovers, a survey of advertisers suggests.
Steel plant's 'stay of execution'
Redcar steelworks will continue to make steel until the end of February, or until raw material has run out, it is revealed.
Bank sales 'could raise charges'
Customers could face more branch closures and higher charges, despite plans to boost bank competition, it is claimed.
Iraq oil contract goes to Angola
Angola's state-owned oil company, Sonangol, has signed a deal to produce oil in one of the most dangerous parts of Iraq.
Shell oil case set to go to court
A Dutch court rules it has the authority to hear a case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell.
Strong quarterly results at Intel
US chip maker Intel reports healthy figures, in a positive sign for the US technology market.
Murdoch paper charges for content
One of the smallest newspapers owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation starts charging readers for online material.
China responds to Google threat
China says foreign internet firms are welcome to do business "according to the law", in its first reaction to the Google row.
Australian jobless rate decreases
Australian unemployment falls to a surprise eight-month low, boosting confidence in the economy.
P&O axes Spanish ferry service
A P ferry to Spain operating from Portsmouth is to be withdrawn because of financial losses, putting 252 jobs at risk.
Eurozone inflation rises to 0.9%
Inflation in the eurozone rose to 0.9% in December, official figures show, thanks largely to rising oil prices feeding through to the pumps.
Oil price rise nears $80 a barrel
The price of oil nears $80 a barrel in post-Christmas trading, reaching the highest levels for more than a month.
South Korea wins nuclear contract
A South Korean consortium wins a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates.
Tata Motors in huge sales jump
Tata Motors, India's largest vehicle maker, says it sold 74,707 vehicles around the world in Decembe 2009, a rise of 84% on December 2008 figures.
India firms 'count Facebook cost'
Indian firms are losing productivity because office staff spend too long on  social networking sites, a survey says.
Doorstep energy sales tightened
New rules that ensure doorstep energy salesmen hand over a written quote have come into force.
Tory marriage tax breaks attacked
Conservative plans for tax breaks for married couples have come under fire from both Labour and the Lib Dems.
Cost of 2007 floods put at £3.2bn
Flooding in England in the summer of 2007 cost the economy £3.2bn, a report by the Environment Agency says.
National Savings to pay customers
Delayed payments to 8,000 holders of National Savings investment bonds will be made on 5 February.
