Medical marijuana, meet e-commerce
Entrepreneur John Lee thinks the pot business is ready for its own Amazon.com.
Picking the sweet spot in real estate
First the housing market tanked, eventually sending home prices down 30% from their 2006 peak. Then came warnings that commercial real estate would be the next shoe to drop -- and that the problems could dwarf those in the residential market.
Investing with a pro or going it alone
Question: I'm 45 and leaving my current job to go back to school. I plan on rolling my 401(k) into an IRA. An adviser has suggested I use a managed fund program to invest my IRA money at a cost of 1.5% a year. But I wonder whether I would be better off just investing my IRA in no-load mutual funds that I choose. What questions should I be asking myself and what should I be asking the adviser to make this decision? -- Suzie Q., Charlotte, N.C.
Stocks set to tumble
U.S. stocks were poised to fall at the start of trading Tuesday, as weaker-than-expected results from Alcoa rattled investors.
Iraqi oil may rival Saudi Arabia
Iraq's ravaged oil industry is on the verge of a major reconstruction and experts now believe that by the decade's end it could rival the world's top oil producers.
GM's Lutz: Higher gas tax would help
Bob Lutz is generally not a close ally of environmentalists.
White House changes how stimulus jobs are counted
Now we'll never know just how many jobs were funded by the $787 billion stimulus program.
Use American Express points to pay taxes
American Express cardmembers can now use rewards points to pay their taxes, the credit card giant said Monday.
Alcoa posts small profit, misses forecasts
Aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. on Monday reported a slim operating profit for the fourth quarter, but missed Wall Street expectations, as the Dow component became the first major company to report results for the period.
SEC eyes more charges against BofA
The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking to bring additional charges against Bank of America, representing the latest twist in a protracted battle over outsized bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch employees.
Google News stops hosting AP stories
Google News has stopped hosting new articles from the Associated Press the search giant confirmed Monday, in a sign that contract negotiations between the two companies may have broken down.
Auto dealers say no thanks to termination appeal
The more than 2,000 auto dealers slated for closure by General Motors and Chrysler are finally getting explanations for and a chance to appeal their shutdown. But for some, the arbitration process about to launch is too little, too late.
Obama may use bank tax to recoup bailout
The White House is considering a tax on financial institutions to ensure that taxpayers who bailed out banks get paid back, a senior administration official said Monday.
Facebook, GM lead 2010 IPO candidates
The stars may very well align for the IPO market in 2010. Literally.
Toyota to expand the Prius brand
The Toyota Prius, America's most popular hybrid car, will become a family of vehicles, Toyota announced at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit Monday.
Cuomo pushes banks for bonus info
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo pressed eight of the nation's biggest banks for details on their bonus payment plans Monday, putting Wall Street's pay practices under yet another layer of scrutiny.
Good-bye to $300 million jackpot ... for now
When dozens of states start selling both Powerball and Mega Millions lottery tickets for the first time ever, winners may take home jackpots that aren't so mega.
China: Too big to ignore
If the global economy really does rebound this year, guess what country is likely to lead the way? Hint: it's not the United States.
Treasurys recover on Fed outlook
Treasurys recovered Monday as investors continued to digest the recent unemployment data, which reinforces the Federal Reserve's outlook to keep interest rates low.
Credit-card fee shenanigans
We're a little over a month away from sweeping credit card reform. And credit card issuers have been preparing for the loss of revenue by introducing new fees and policies. You could even be charged for NOT using your credit card.
