Detroit Auto Show 2010: Less is more
The annual auto show that kicks off here Monday is very much like the auto industry itself: Greatly relieved to not be on death's door.
Jay Leno to move back to NBC's late night
NBC host Jay Leno is going back to late nights after a low-rated, three-month experiment in prime time, the network announced Sunday.
Gas prices edge close to $3
Prices at the pump have jumped 14 cents over the past few weeks, working their way closer to the $3 mark, according to a survey published Sunday.
Stocks rally into earnings season
A worse-than-expected December jobs report last week couldn't derail the economic optimism that's been fueling stock gains for months. But the weeks ahead could prove challenging, as the quarterly reporting period gets underway.
Horizon Bank is the first to fail in 2010
The first bank to fail in 2010 is Horizon Bank, based in Bellingham, Washington.
Bank CEOs to answer for financial crisis
As lawmakers start trickling back to Washington next week, a panel tasked with investigating the financial crisis is set to make its first big splash.
Obama unveils $2.3 billion for clean energy jobs
President Obama unveiled a program Friday that will provide $2.3 billion in tax credits for the clean energy manufacturing sector, a move aimed at creating 17,000 jobs.
Kraft's cheesy math
In the strange but true department, a recent securities filing by Kraft Foods seems to stretch the value stock investors are willing to place on the company.
Dodge brings a Detonator to Detroit - seriously
If you're a struggling carmaker looking to make a splash and create controversy, unveiling a new vehicle called "the Detonator" at the Detroit Auto Show may sound like a good idea. If you do it two weeks after an attempted terror attack aimed at the very city where you're doing the unveiling, you may think twice.
The great job fake-out
So much for, to paraphrase President Gerald Ford, our long national economic nightmare being over.
Bonds mixed after jobs report
Treasurys were mixed on Friday after the government posted a larger-than-expected jobs decline.
Want a job? Ask Obama
As economists and investors reel from a surprisingly weak jobs number, there are 3,300 people that may actually be cheering December's report.
Dollar slips on jobs drop
The dollar dipped versus major currencies Friday after the government reported a sharp decline in December jobs.
That was the decade that was
This is the final report card for the '00s, a decade that promised much at its inception and, while not delivering on its potential, did perform with distinction in certain areas.
Stocks stage late advance
A tech rally propelled the Nasdaq and helped the broader market erase losses Friday, as investors took in stride a surprisingly weak jobs report amid other recent signs that the economy appears to be stabilizing.
UPS to shed 1,800 jobs
UPS announced plans to cut 1,800 jobs as part of a restructuring plan intended to streamline the company's domestic management structure.
When money doesn't talk
Money is overrated: In fact, pay has little, if anything at all, to do with motivation in the workplace. That's the controversial argument put forth by best-selling author Daniel Pink in his new book, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us (Riverhead Books). "Pay for performance has to be exposed as folklore," he says.
Auto Show forecast: Cloudy with patches of snow
This just in from Cobo Hall, Detroit, scene of the 2010 North American International Auto Show:
How Ronald Perelman met his match
--Editor's Note: This story contains profanity.
Job growth returns -- then fades
Employers once again slashed a substantial number jobs off their payrolls in December, according to a disappointing report from the government Friday. But there was a small glimmer of hope as well.
