Gas prices drop a bit - survey
Gasoline prices fell an average of $1.4 cents per gallon over the past two weeks, but remain well above last year's mark despite high unemployment cutting into demand, according to a new nationwide survey.
Wall Street set for a bounce
U.S. stocks were poised for early gains Monday, as investors looked to recover from last week's big pullback.
Who's afraid of rising interest rates? Banks!
Of all the things keeping bankers up at night these days, the direction of interest rates may soon rank up there with loan losses and the heavy hand of the government.
Growth and hiring outlook improves
Economists are optimistic that the recovery will continue in 2010, as the pace of job losses slows and hiring picks up, according to a survey released Monday.
Wall Street bulls cheer the Jets loss
Investors scored big Sunday when the New York Jets lost to the Indianapolis Colts -- at least according to the Super Bowl stock indicator.
How stimulus saved renewable energy
On a mountain top 80 miles northeast of Bangor, Maine, in country where houses and gravel pits are mere pinpricks on a map green with forest, Paul Gaynor is making stimulus work.
Weatherization stimulus off to cold start
It was supposed to be fast and easy: Pay a bunch of out-of-work contractors to outfit old homes with new furnaces or insulation. It would put people back to work right away, and at the same time cut energy use and save people money.
An emergency small business boost that fizzled
A stimulus measure crafted to get emergency funding to Main Street businesses has turned out to be such a flop that even its Congressional advocate wants the program killed. But for the 5,000 business owners who have jumped through all the hoops to land loans, even a flawed lifeline is better than none at all.
What $36 billion buys: Not enough
Nearly $36 billion in stimulus money has been spent so far on highways, bridges and transit systems. So what have we gotten for our money?
3 people the homebuyer tax credit helped
The road to homeownership was hard for Valatisha Jacinto.
Dillinger's getaway car sells for $165,000
A 1930 Ford Model A used by bank robber John Dillinger to evade federal agents sold at auction Saturday for $165,000.
Stocks: Trying to reverse the slide
After the worst week on Wall Street in almost a year, investors will return to work looking for greater clarity -- from Washington, from the banks and from corporate America.
450,000 at risk in foreclosure-prevention program
Hundreds of thousands of troubled homeowners who are making lower mortgage payments on a trial basis are at risk of being kicked out of President Obama's foreclosure-prevention program.
Google founders plan big stock sale
Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin plan to sell off 5 million Google shares each over the next five years, a move that could see them surrender majority voting control over the company they created.
Two small banks in Florida and Missouri fail
Two small banks in Florida and Missouri failed Friday night, making them the fifth and sixth banks to close in 2010.
Outed by billboards, Oracle prez admits affair
Oracle Corp. President Charles Phillips admitted Friday to an affair first exposed on pricey billboards plastered throughout New York's Times Square, San Francisco and Atlanta.
Conan's exit: 'It is the right business move'
The high-profile squabble that captivated late-night television for weeks comes to a close Friday, when Conan O'Brien makes his final appearance as host of "The Tonight Show."
Burger King bar debuts in Miami
Burger King Corp. said Friday it plans to open a Whopper Bar in the South Beach area of Miami next month.
Get help - before you fall behind on your FHA mortgage
Struggling to pay your FHA mortgage? Now you no longer have to be late with your payments to get help.
Wyclef Jean hires a new accountant
Yele Haiti, the non-profit formed by musician Wyclef Jean, said Friday that it hired an accounting firm in the wake of increased public scrutiny of its finances.
