Oil falls amid supply concerns
Oil prices fell Wednesday ahead of government data expected to show the nation's supplies of crude and gasoline rose last week.
Help! My boss keeps putting me down
Dear Annie: I was hired about three months ago as part of a 12-person training team, and I really like the job and my colleagues, with one exception. Our team leader can't seem to stop picking people apart and tearing down everything we do, even when we have followed his requests to the letter. He's an incredibly negative person -- the glass is always more than half empty -- which unfortunately is contagious. Morale here is in the dumps, with everyone just going through the motions.
The best-kept tax secret for small businesses
For two years, Dr. James Smouse of Atlanta Oral and Facial Surgery tried to convince his younger partners to participate in a cash balance pension plan, a unique defined-benefit plan that offers business owners the opportunity to make hefty, tax-deferred contributions toward their retirement savings. But until the recession hit, they weren't interested.
Obama to announce bank fee plan
President Obama, looking to recoup billions in expected losses from the Troubled Asset Relief Program, will announce a plan Thursday to impose fees on the country's biggest financial institutions, a senior administration official told CNN.
Stocks set for tepid start
U.S. stocks were set for a flat open Wednesday, as investors prepared to tiptoe back into the market after the previous session's losses.
Health care: A 'goldmine' for fraudsters
There's a group of people who really love the U.S. health care system -- the fraudsters, scammers and organized criminal gangs who are bilking the system of as much as $100 billion a year.
2 million jobs from stimulus - White House
The economic stimulus program has boosted employment by 1.5 to 2 million jobs, the president's chief economic adviser said Wednesday.
Google may leave China after cyber attack
Google said Tuesday that it may leave China and shut down its strictly monitored site there, Google.cn, citing censorship rules and a targeted cyber attack on its network infrastructure.
Recession hits U.S. power generation
The nation's economic decline led to the biggest drop in electric output since 1938, according to an industry trade group.
GM: We'll sell more in China than the U.S. soon
Chinese consumers bought more automobiles last year than Americans did for the first time. A top executive at General Motors thinks that it won't be long before it too will sell more cars in China than in its home market.
Starwood Hotels to add 12,000 jobs
Hospitality provider Starwood Hotels announced Tuesday that it plans to create 12,000 new jobs worldwide in 2010, increasing its staff by more than 8%, with about half of the new positions located in the United States.
House panel to subpoena N.Y. Fed over AIG
The House Oversight Committee will issue subpoenas Tuesday to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to get its correspondence with rescued insurer American International Group.
Chrysler CEO: We'll pay you back
Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne said on Tuesday that the federal government will get its money back -- and may even turn a profit -- from its rescue of the Automaker.
SEC brings second lawsuit against BofA
The reigning mantra at the Securities and Exchange Commission these days may be try, try again.
Economy's got more people worried
The economy is regaining ground as the most important issue on Americans' minds, according to a new CNN poll released Tuesday.
Hip hip hooray! Oh, wait.
It looks like those pesky corporate earnings reports may rain on Wall Street's parade.
Ford and GM finally get their act together
This year's Detroit auto show is notable for its lack of pizzazz. On a day when an inch of snow snarled traffic throughout the metro area, the show itself seemed muffled by the precipitation. Hard to find this day were the made-for-TV unveilings of new models, extravagant and fanciful concept cart reveals, or exciting new models.
Botox to vacations: Where bankers spend their bonuses
Wall Street bankers are putting together their wish lists for 2010 -- and they're  not holding back. After last year's dry spell, bonuses for top-level executives are expected to be sky high. Maybe even records.
FDIC to bonus-loving banks: Pay up!
The nation's top banking regulator is considering a new rule which could require lenders to pony up if they rely on potentially risky pay practices.
Too many job seekers, not enough jobs
In another sign that the labor market is not out of the woods yet, the number of job openings fell again in November, according to a government report released Tuesday.
