Wyclef Jean defends Yele Haiti
Celebrity musician Wyclef Jean denounced charges that he misappropriated funds from his charity, Yele Haiti, and defended the foundation and his commitment to Haiti relief efforts.
Profits and losses and banks. Oh my!
Better-than-expected results from big names JPMorgan Chase and Intel failed to inspire investors last week. Can this week's crop of marquee name companies recharge the rally's engine?
Regulators shutter small banks in Illinois and Minnesota
Two small banks failed Friday night, making them the second and third banks to close in 2010.
How to keep your money resolutions
Are your pledges the kind that require continued willpower (like saving more)? Taking these steps can make all the difference.
Haiti text donations take weeks to process
Texting a donation to Haiti relief efforts feels like an immediate way to help, but it could take up to three months for your $10 to land in American Red Cross coffers.
Make sure your money aids Haiti
As pictures and video of the devastation in Haiti rolls in, individual donations are soaring. To make sure your contribution makes the most impact, we have some tips for you.
U.S. companies rally for Haiti
Corporate America has already pledged more than $40 million in donations to support earthquake relief efforts in Haiti. Corporate pledges for Haiti have tripled in the past 24 hours, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Will bonus backlash pay for investors?
Thanks to the outcry against Wall Street pay, bank shareholders are in line for a little bonus of their own.
Starbucks prices get frothier
Starbucks is raising prices on certain drinks by as much as 35 cents in large U.S. markets and in Canada as part of what the coffee chain calls its "normal course of business."
Verizon and AT&T dial up wireless plan wars
Verizon Wireless said early Friday it will lower prices on its unlimited wireless plans.
Fed up with the Fed?
Ben Bernanke and the rest of the Federal Reserve may think that low interest rates can continue to be just what the economy needs to get back on track.
Treasurys advance on recovery doubts
Treasurys advanced Friday after a less-than-expected rise in consumer prices and a mixed earnings report from JPMorgan Chase sparked a sell-off in stocks, spurring demand for perceived safe haven assets.
More homeowners get long-term help
Intense pressure from the Obama administration spurred loan servicers to ramp up the amount of permanent modifications they offered to troubled borrowers.
Homebuyer tax credit: No e-file and four-month delays
Good news homebuyers: You can file for your $8,000 first-time buyer tax credit again.
Oil slides as weather warms, stocks slide
Oil slipped to $78 a barrel on Friday on warmer weather and as stocks retreated.
Triple-digit selloff for the Dow
Stocks slipped Friday, one day after closing at multi-month highs, as investors welcomed better-than-expected profit reports from JPMorgan Chase and Intel, but opted to sell shares regardless.
Tylenol recall: FDA slams company
The maker of several over-the-counter drugs, including Tylenol, Motrin and Benadryl, announced a broad-based recall of these and other drugs Friday after receiving complaints of an "unusual moldy, musty or mildew-like" odor.
Consumer prices driven higher by gasoline
Consumer prices rose in 2009 as gasoline prices were more than 50% higher from 2008's depressed levels, the government said Friday.
Dollar gains on euro
The dollar rose against high-yielding currencies Friday as investors digested weaker-than-expected economic reports and looked for safer investments.
JPMorgan Chase books $3.3 billion profit
JPMorgan Chase showed it was close to making a full recovery from last year's crisis after the company reported better-than-expected quarterly profits of $3.3 billion Friday.
