Haiti donations exceed $200 million
Nearly a week after the devastating earthquake struck near Haiti's capital, donations for relief efforts are still pouring in -- in excess of $200 million.
Banks pull another $1 billion from small business lending
The nation's biggest banks cut their collective small business lending balance by another $1 billion in November, according to a Treasury report released late Friday. The drop marked the seventh straight month of declines.
Wyclef Jean tearfully defends charity
As musician Wyclef Jean tearfully denied recent allegations that he misappropriated funds from his Yele Haiti charity, experts on non-profits said they couldn't find serious wrongdoing, except for a lapse of discipline in filing his taxes.
Dollar mixed in quiet trading
The dollar fell against the U.K. pound Monday but held steady against other currencies in a quiet trading session.
Greece is the word
Could Europe kill the chances of a global economic recovery?    There are growing concerns about the health of several European nations, most particularly Greece. Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings all downgraded their credit ratings for Greece last month.
Haiti donation could lower 2009 tax bills
Taxpayers may be able to deduct cash donations to Haiti earthquake relief on their 2009 tax returns if Congress passes a measure expected to be taken up this week.
Chrysler vehicles recalled for possible brake failure
Chrysler Group is recalling about 24,000 late-model Chrysler, Dodge and Jeep vehicles to fix a defective part that could cause sudden, unexpected brake failure.
Fake version of Alli diet drug leads to warning
A counterfeit version of the over-the-counter weight-loss product Alli being marketed online could be harmful to dieters, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned Monday.
Fake version of Alli diet drug leads to warning
A counterfeit version of the over-the-counter weight-loss product Alli being marketed online could be harmful to consumers, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned Monday.
Ohio State is No. 1 - in president's pay
Ohio State University is No. 1 again, but not in football or basketball. For the second year in a row, the school's president was the highest paid public university executive in the United States, according to a study published Monday.
4 smart fixes for your 401(k)
With stocks up more than 60% since hitting bottom last March, the red ink is finally fading on the typical 401(k) account. Yes, it's safe to look at your statement again: Balances for boomers who have worked 10 to 20 years at the same company are now down less than 3% on average, compared with pre-crash levels; younger employees and 45- to 64-year-olds with less tenure are solidly back in the black.
European markets gain on merger talk
European markets rose Monday as investors looked past concerns about the Greek economy to focus on speculation that Kraft Foods will raise its offer to buy Cadbury.
What's Plan B if Senate dawdles on Bernanke?
The Senate faces some weighty issues when it reconvenes this week. Health care. A jobs bill. The debt ceiling.
Wyclef Jean defends Yele Haiti
Celebrity musician Wyclef Jean denounced charges that he misappropriated funds from his charity, Yele Haiti, and defended the foundation and his commitment to Haiti relief efforts.
Profits and losses and banks. Oh my!
Better-than-expected results from big names JPMorgan Chase and Intel failed to inspire investors last week. Can this week's crop of marquee name companies recharge the rally's engine?
Regulators shutter small banks in Illinois and Minnesota
Two small banks failed Friday night, making them the second and third banks to close in 2010.
How to keep your money resolutions
Are your pledges the kind that require continued willpower (like saving more)? Taking these steps can make all the difference.
Haiti text donations take weeks to process
Texting a donation to Haiti relief efforts feels like an immediate way to help, but it could take up to three months for your $10 to land in American Red Cross coffers.
Make sure your money aids Haiti
As pictures and video of the devastation in Haiti rolls in, individual donations are soaring. To make sure your contribution makes the most impact, we have some tips for you.
U.S. companies rally for Haiti
Corporate America has already pledged more than $40 million in donations to support earthquake relief efforts in Haiti. Corporate pledges for Haiti have tripled in the past 24 hours, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
