Toyota suspends sales after recall of 2.3 million vehicles
Toyota Motor Sales USA Inc. said Tuesday it is asking dealers to temporarily suspend sales of eight models.
How Uncle Sam will profit from TARP
Guess what? The federal government will make money on bailing out the banks.
Bank of America steps up foreclosure prevention efforts
One roadblock slowing President Obama's foreclosure prevention program seems to be clearing away. Bank of America, the nation's largest mortgage lender, said Tuesday that it was the first lender to agree to lower or eliminate payments on second mortgages.
Verizon to cut 13,000 jobs
After posting a fourth-quarter loss, Verizon Communications, Inc. said Tuesday it plans to cut about 13,000 jobs this year.
Yahoo shares rise on earnings surprise
Shares of Yahoo rose after-hours Tuesday after the company posted a fourth-quarter profit that beat Wall Street expectations, driven by stabilization in advertising revenue.
Tylenol recall sparks battle over blame
More than a week after a big recall of tainted Tylenol and other non-prescription drugs, a battle has erupted between drugmaker Johnson & Johnson and makers of a shipping component the company blames for the problem.
Scrapped auto dealers file flood of appeals
More than half of the auto dealers cut by General Motors and Chrysler last year plan to take their case to arbitration and attempt to regain their franchise.
Census Bureau counts on Super Bowl ad
The Census Bureau is advertising in the Super Bowl, trying to convince as many people as possible to participate in its once-a-decade nationwide head count.
Stimulus is now $75 billion more expensive
The Congressional Budget Office hiked its forecast Tuesday for how much the stimulus bill will add to the nation's deficit, raising its estimate by $75 billion to $862 billion.
$74 million deal saves Saab
General Motor's Swedish Saab brand has been saved from certain death thanks to a last-minute deal with Dutch exotic car builder Spyker.
Oil continues its slide
Oil prices fell below $75 Tuesday as concerns about global economic growth overshadowed a rebound in U.S. stock markets.
Senate nixes debt commission
The Senate on Tuesday rejected a proposal to create a bipartisan commission charged with reining in the country's debt.
Best places to work: No stock? No problem!
If you take a look at Fortune's latest list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For, you'll note an interesting trend: you can't buy stock in four of the top five.
AIG and NY Fed under fire for hiding bailout facts
AIG and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York have become targets of an investigation into whether the overseer had instructed the troubled insurer not to disclose certain key information to the public.
'Daunting' outlook will mean bulging deficits
The U.S. government's fiscal outlook is "daunting," with deficits averaging at least $600 billion a year over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office said Tuesday.
Treasurys mostly higher on stronger dollar
Bond prices were mostly higher Tuesday on a stronger dollar and amid speculation that China will continue to tighten its credit policy.
Japan's debt at risk. Is U.S. next?
Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's raised the prospect of a downgrade in Japan's sovereign debt rating Tuesday. That's reigniting fears that the U.S. could be next.
Ford to add 1,200 workers in Chicago
Ford Motor announced plans Tuesday to hire 1,200 workers in Illinois as the automaker ramps up production of next year's Explorer.
Spend. Cut. Obama's tough spot on debt
President Obama's State of the Union address will raise the curtain on how he plans to tackle the unsustainable growth in U.S. debt over the next decade.
Banks drag on stocks
Stocks struggled Tuesday as a late-session selloff in the financial sector cut into an earlier rally that had been sparked by Apple's record quarterly results and a stronger reading on consumer confidence.
