McGwire in a better place after admission
Mark McGwire took a step forward in admitting his steroid use. But the confession derailed when McGwire denied that the drugs helped make him a better player, writes Tom Verducci.


McGwire confesses he used steroids
Mark McGwire took a step forward in admitting his steroid use. But the confession derailed when McGwire denied that the drugs helped make him a better player, writes Tom Verducci.


Special Report: More USC Allegations
Former USC football assistant coach Dave Watson used team and university doctors to aid him with his addiction to painkillers -- a problem Watson claims Pete Carroll was aware of.


USC's Carroll agrees to become Seahawks coach
Pete Carroll agrees to become head coach of the Seattle Seahawks.


Johnson, Hawks score third win of year vs. Celts
BOSTON(AP) Three quick technical fouls by the Boston coaching staff added up to a third straight victory for Atlanta over the Celtics.


Pistons drop 13th straight
CHICAGO(AP) Chicago Bulls coach Vinny Del Negro has finally caught a little bit of a break. He is coaching an injury-free roster and for the time being the schedule has lightened up.


Reynolds' 36 spark No. 4 Villanova past Louisville


Special Report: Painkillers and one ex-USC asst.
At just past 2 p.m. on May 17, 2008, El Segundo, Calif., police officer Cory McEnroe arrived at the scene of an auto accident on the Pacific Coast Highway and found a Jeep Commander buried in the rear end of a Volkswagen Passat. When McEnroe approached the SUV and asked the driver to turn it off, the Jeep instead surged forward into the Passat again. McEnroe quickly deduced that the driver, later identified as USC assistant football coach Dave Watson, was dangerously impaired. The 31-year-old Watson "seemed very confused," McEnroe wrote in his report. "[His] speech was so slurred I had a difficult time understanding him."


Ex-MVP Guerrero, Rangers reach one-year deal
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) -- Vladimir Guerrero will now be hitting in the middle of the lineup for the Texas Rangers instead of doing damage against them.


Bucks' Redd out for season
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- The Milwaukee Bucks say guard Michael Redd will miss the rest of the season because of a knee injury.


