'No plans' to move UK X Factor
ITV say they have no plans to move the X Factor from its place in its autumn schedule, despite reports that Simon Cowell is trying to move the show.
Spider-Man fans offered refunds
Ticket-holders for the upcoming Broadway Spider-Man musical are offered refunds due to a delay in bringing it to the stage.
Copperfield 'rape' case is closed
A two-year rape investigation against magician David Copperfield is closed without charges being filed, US authorities say.
Anne Frank helper dies aged 100
The last surviving member of the group who helped hide Anne Frank from the Nazis dies in the Netherlands, aged 100.
Jay-Z and Beyonce 'top earners'
Music stars Beyonce and Jay-Z are named Hollywood's top-earning couple by Forbes magazine.
Belfast stars in best actor battle
Two Belfast stars are shortlisted for best film actor award in the seventh annual Irish Film and Television Awards.
Violent games 'worse' than porn
A leading porn star courts controversy by claiming violent video games are more of a danger to children than online porn.
Peaches Geldof wins libel damages
Peaches Geldof, daughter of Bob Geldof, accepts substantial libel damages over a newspaper claim that she was working as a prostitute.
Sarah Palin takes Fox News job
Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin has signed on as a contributor to Fox News Channel, her lawyer says.
Gervais plans stand-up world tour
Comedian and actor Ricky Gervais announces he will perform two more stand-up dates in London and four in the US later this year.
Maguire to leave Spider-Man films
Tobey Maguire and director Sam Raimi will not be returning for a fourth  film in the hit Spider-Man franchise, it is announced.
Taylor and King announce US dates
Singer-songwriters James Taylor and Carole King announce dates for the US leg of their much-anticipated Troubadour Reunion tour.
Back to basics for TV gardeners
TV show Gardeners' World is to go back to its roots after viewers began deserting the show following a revamp.
French director Eric Rohmer dies
Arthouse French film-maker Eric Rohmer has died at the age of 89, his producer tells the AFP news agency.
TV funeral for Corrie's Blanche
Much-loved Coronation Street character Blanche Hunt will be given an on-screen funeral later this year, the soap's producer says.
Mum's the word as Dannii Minogue confirms pregnancy
X Factor judge Dannii Minogue announces she is expecting her first child with her boyfriend Kris Smith.
Goodbye, Simon
Who will replace Simon Cowell on American Idol?
On the road again
Why Nick Cave was chosen to score The Road
Fighting fit
How the cast of Survivors escaped swine flu
Sound of 2010
Rising star Ellie Goulding on her "future folk" sound
Breaking the ice
Dancing on Ice returns to TV screens
In pictures
An exhibition honours The King on his birthday
