Avatar is top-grossing film ever
Sci-fi epic Avatar sinks Titanic to become the highest grossing film of all time, making $1.86bn since its release.
Hathaway to reveal Oscar nods
Actress Anne Hathaway will help announce the nominees for this year's Oscars, it has been announced.
Mariah Carey joins Haiti single
Mariah Carey is the latest star to agree to sing on the charity single being organised by Simon Cowell for the people of Haiti.
Burton to head Cannes film jury
US filmmaker Tim Burton says that being asked to head the jury at this year's Cannes Film Festival is a "great honour".
Travolta flies supplies to Haiti
Hollywood actor John Travolta flies his own jet to Haiti to deliver relief supplies to those affected by the recent earthquake.
US regulator clears music merger
A merger between Ticketmaster and concert promoter Live Nation is cleared by the US Department of Justice.
Renee Zellweger joins Berlin jury
Oscar-winning actress Renee Zellweger will sit on the international jury at this year's Berlin Film Festival, organisers announce.
Joanna Lumley wins Oldie honour
Actress Joanna Lumley is honoured with this year's Oldie of the Year Award for her Gurkha campaign.
China renames 'Avatar' mountain
A mountain in central China is renamed Avatar Hallelujah Mountain as officials claim it inspired scenery in the sci-fi blockbuster.
Weisz and Law win theatre awards
Rachel Weisz and Jude Law are among the recipients of this year's Critics' Circle Theatre Awards, held in London.
McAvoy and Duff expecting a baby
Actors James McAvoy and Anne-Marie Duff are expecting their first child, they have announced.
Arctic Monkeys lead NME shortlist
Arctic Monkeys lead the charge for this year's NME Awards with six nominations, closely followed by Kasabian with five.
Bonanza actor Roberts dies at 81
Pernell Roberts, known to millions as Adam Cartwright in TV western series Bonanza, dies in Los Angeles at the age of 81.
AC/DC set for Download fest debut
Heavy metal legends AC/DC are to appear for the first time at the Download rock festival, running this year from 11 to 13 June.
Concert pianist Wild dies at 94
Grammy award-winning US pianist Earl Wild dies at the age of 94 from congestive heart disease.
Duffy's Diet Coke ad was 'abysmal', says Blur manager
Blur's manager warns pop and rock stars to think carefully before appearing in TV adverts for big brands.
Sinking the Titanic
How Jim Cameron broke his own box office record
In pictures
Flares and platform boots at the Abba World exhibition
Everybody Hurts
Recording the Haiti charity single
Press reviews
Scarlett Johansson makes her Broadway debut
Long live the King
Eric Cantona to make his theatre debut in Paris.
Taking over
Can Spotify make money for artists and succeed in US?
