Florence and GaGa lead Brits race
Lady GaGa, Florence and the Machine and JLS are among artists with three Brit award nominations.
Glory for Avatar at Golden Globes
James Cameron's sci-fi epic Avatar wins two prizes at the Golden Globes, the first of 2010's major Hollywood awards.
Boyzone release new Gately song
Irish pop group Boyzone are to release a new song featuring vocals by their late bandmate, Stephen Gately.
Glee invades the UK singles chart
US TV show Glee notches up five hits in the Top 75, a week after the musical comedy debuts on digital channel E4.
Bono and Keys join Haiti benefit
Stars including Bono and Alicia Keys will perform in a TV fundraiser for  victims of the Haiti earthquake, George Clooney announces.
Star DJ cocaine charges dropped
Prosecutors in Scotland drop a cocaine charge against Colombian-American DJ and record-label owner Erick Morillo.
Stars tie for best actress award
Voters for the Critics' Choice Awards could not pick an outright best actress winner, so split the prize between Meryl Streep and Sandra Bullock.
Lady Gaga 'collapses' before gig
Pop star Lady Gaga apologises to fans in Indiana after 'passing out' and cancelling a concert on her Monster's Ball tour.
Stolen Monet painting recovered
A Monet painting, which was stolen from a Polish museum and replaced with a copy painted on cardboard, is found.
Bobby Davro skates off ice show
Comedian and actor Bobby Davro becomes the second celebrity to be voted off ITV1's Dancing on Ice.
Sov and Nicola up for BB eviction
Rapper Lady Sovereign and model Nicola Tappenden will go up for eviction on Celebrity Big Brother later.
Songwriter Charles dies aged 71
Bobby Charles, the US singer-songwriter who wrote songs for Fats Domino and Bill Haley and the Comets, dies in New Orleans at 71.
Polanski wins damages from paper
A French newspaper is ordered to pay damages to Roman Polanski after photographing the director while under home arrest in Switzerland.
Fuller launches boyband search
Music mogul Simon Fuller teams up with celebrity blogger Perez Hilton to create a new TV boyband.
Spielberg to make 9/11 doc
Steven Spielberg is to produce a TV documentary on the rebuilding of New York's World Trade Center.
Assault on Peppa - children's pig told to clunk, click
TV character Peppa Pig will be seen wearing a seatbelt in future episodes, after parents raised concerns over children following her example.
Susan snubbed
Why has Susan Boyle been left off Brit shortlists?
Hit or miss?
How did Ricky Gervais fare at the Golden Globes?
In pictures
Umbrellas dominate the Golden Globes' red carpet
Talk show wars
Viewers fascinated by the battle of the late night TV hosts
Dial-a-diva
Beyonce is new recruit in Caribbean phone battle
Poetry prize
Listen to the poems shortlisted for the TS Eliot award
