Woman collides with Picasso work
A woman who was taking an art class at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art accidentally falls into a Picasso painting and damages it.
Iraq bomb drama scoops US award
Iraq war drama The Hurt Locker scoops the top prize at the Producers Guild of America (PGA) Awards.
Rock band Scorpions call it a day
German rock band Scorpions announce they will break up after a career spanning over 40 years.
Haiti telethon sets $57m 'record'
The "Hope for Haiti Now" telethon raises more than $57m (£35m) for the aid effort in the devastated country, organisers say.
Tarantino film clinches US awards
Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds wins its biggest award after taking the top prize at the Screen Actors Guild awards.
Black Eyed Peas denied win
The Black Eyed Peas are the victims of a blunder at France's top music awards, where they are wrongly named best international group.
Owl City tops UK chart with debut
Synth-pop artist Owl City scores a number one with his debut single, Fireflies.
Polanski must appear in US court
Film director Roman Polanski has lost his bid to be sentenced in a US court without having to return to the country.
British actress Jean Simmons dies
British film actress Jean Simmons, who played Ophelia in Laurence Olivier's Hamlet, dies at the age of 80.
Sheffield dances off skating show
Holby City star Jeremy Sheffield is the third celebrity to be voted off Dancing on Ice after a skate-off with Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies.
The Killers cancel tour of Asia
US rock band The Killers cancel their forthcoming Asian tour dates due to what they have called "unforeseen circumstances".
Aerosmith 'look to replace Tyler'
Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry reveals the rock band are starting auditions to replace frontman Steven Tyler, who is in drug rehab.
BBC seeks views on gay coverage
The BBC is to consult the public on how lesbian, gay and bisexual people are portrayed on its services.
Director Landis 'returns to film'
Director John Landis, best known for An American Werewolf in London, is returning to filmmaking after more than 10 years.
Judge closes Gately investigation
A Spanish judge confirms that the late Boyzone star Stephen Gately died of natural causes and closes the official investigation into his death.
Tesco breaks into movies with adaptation of Jackie Collins novel
Tesco forms a joint venture to make films of books by best-selling authors, starting with Jackie Collins.
In pictures
Glitz and glamour of the Screen Actors Guild Awards
Shine on
Sundance film festival defies the recession
Audio slideshow
Portraits of troops lost in Iraq and Afghanistan
In pictures
Stars from music and film gather for Haiti fundraising gig
Last chance
Thousands line up to audition for the final UK Big Brother
Voice of rugby
Remembering BBC commentator Bill McLaren
