Stars tie for best actress award
Voters for the Critics' Choice Awards could not pick an outright best actress winner, so split the prize between Meryl Streep and Sandra Bullock.
Clooney to host US Haiti telethon
George Clooney is to host a telethon in the US to raise money for the victims of the Haiti earthquake.
Stars prepare for Golden Globes
A host of stars are expected at the Golden Globes on Sunday, to be presented in Los Angeles by Britain's Ricky Gervais.
Lady Gaga 'collapses' before gig
Pop star Lady Gaga apologises to fans in Indiana after 'passing out' and cancelling a concert on her Monster's Ball tour.
Stolen Monet painting recovered
A Monet painting, which was stolen from a Polish museum and replaced with a copy painted on cardboard, is found.
Polanski wins damages from paper
A French newspaper is ordered to pay damages to Roman Polanski after photographing the director while under home arrest in Switzerland.
Songwriter Charles dies aged 71
Bobby Charles, the US singer-songwriter who wrote songs for Fats Domino and Bill Haley and the Comets, dies in New Orleans at 71.
Fuller launches TV boyband search
Music mogul Simon Fuller teams up with celebrity blogger Perez Hilton to create a new TV boyband.
Spielberg to make Ground Zero doc
Steven Spielberg is to produce a TV documentary on the rebuilding of New York's World Trade Center.
Dappy 'sorry' over text threats
N-Dubz star Dappy apologises to a woman for sending threatening texts after she wrote to the BBC calling the band "losers".
Titchmarsh to return to gardening
Chat show host Alan Titchmarsh is to return to the outdoors to present a new BBC Two gardening series, it is confirmed.
Dexter star Hall battles cancer
Golden Globe-nominated Dexter star Michael C. Hall announces he has been battling cancer and is in remission from the disease.
'No World Cup song', FA confirms
The FA confirms that for the first time since 1966, there will be no official song to mark England's World Cup campaign.
Ke$ha ends Boyle's chart reign
Pop newcomer Ke$ha knocks Susan Boyle off the top of the US album chart, ending her six-week run at No 1.
Singer Pendergrass dies aged 59
Soul singer Teddy Pendergrass dies at the age of 59 following "a difficult recovery" from colon cancer surgery, his son tells the AP news agency.
Assault on Peppa - children's pig told to clunk, click
TV character Peppa Pig will be seen wearing a seatbelt in future episodes, after parents raised concerns over children following her example.
Talk show wars
Viewers fascinated by the battle of the late night TV hosts
Golden ticket
Ricky Gervais gears up to host the Golden Globes
Simpsons turn 20
A look at the series' most memorable episodes
Talking shop
Oscar-winning composer A R Rahman on music
Ditzy or delicious?
Critics give their views on Legally Blonde: The Musical
Tattoos quiz
Test yourself on the body art of famous folk
