Cowell insists Idol will flourish
American Idol judge Simon Cowell says the hit reality TV show "will flourish" with or without him - as talks continue over his future.
Lythgoe suggests US job for Ross
American Idol producer Nigel Lythgoe says he plans to contact Jonathan Ross about opportunities in the US.
Hannah Montana 'to end in 2011'
TV's Hannah Montana, which launched the career of teenage pop star Miley Cyrus, is due to end after the current season.
Marvel sues over superhero rights
Marvel, home to superheroes including Spider-Man and the X-Men, is suing the heirs of comic book artist Jack Kirby over copyright claims.
Drummers in Sudan campaign
Campaigners have kept up a drum beat near Downing Street to urge the government to do more to prevent bloodshed in Sudan.
TV's Tennant 'backs Brown as PM'
Outgoing Doctor Who actor David Tennant calls Conservative leader David Cameron "a terrifying prospect".
Avatar on course to sink Titanic
Sci-fi epic Avatar is on course replace Titanic as the highest grossing film of all time, making $1.14bn since its release.
3D TV to be 'saviour' of industry
TV manufacturers  hammered by the recession pin their hopes on 3D tv as a way to boost sales over the coming years.
Ellie Goulding tops Sound of 2010
Singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding comes out on top of the BBC Sound of 2010 list, which showcases the best rising music stars.
Mali moves desert gig to Timbuktu
Mali's renowned desert music festival is opening near Timbuktu rather deep in the desert because of security concerns.
Sheen ordered to appear in court
A Colorado judge rules that actor Charlie Sheen must appear at a hearing on allegations he put a knife to his wife's throat.
Cameron scores director nod
James Cameron is named as one of the five nominees in the running for this year's Directors Guild of America (DGA) award.
Buju Banton denies drug charge
Jamaican reggae star Buju Banton pleads not guilty to a drug charge in a Florida federal court.
Boyle fails to capture US chart
Singer Susan Boyle misses out on becoming the best seller of 2009 but spends a sixth week at the top of US album chart.
Hasselhoff quits US talent show
America's Got Talent judge David Hasselhoff announces he is leaving the hit show after four years, People magazine reveal.
Will Ivana prove to be Big Brother's trump card?
Millionaire socialite Ivana Trump has become the latest contestant to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house.
Sound of 2010
Rising star Ellie Goulding on her "future folk" sound
Breaking the ice
Dancing on Ice returns to TV screens
In pictures
An exhibition honours The King on his birthday
In pictures
Americana celebrated in museum exhibit
Mixed feelings
What the pundits make of Jonathan Ross's departure
Dury's depths
Actor Andy Serkis on the other side of singer Ian Dury
