Simon Cowell to leave American Idol show
American Idol judge Simon Cowell confirms he will leave at the end of the season, as he takes his show The X Factor to Fox.
Anne Frank helper dies aged 100
The last surviving member of the group who helped hide Anne Frank from the Nazis dies in the Netherlands, aged 100.
Maguire to leave Spider-Man films
Tobey Maguire and director Sam Raimi will not be returning for a fourth  film in the hit Spider-Man franchise, it is announced.
Peaches Geldof wins libel damages
Peaches Geldof, daughter of Bob Geldof, accepts substantial libel damages over a newspaper claim that she was working as a prostitute.
Sarah Palin takes Fox News job
Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin has signed on as a contributor to Fox News Channel, her lawyer says.
Gervais plans stand-up world tour
Comedian and actor Ricky Gervais announces he will perform two more stand-up dates in London and four in the US later this year.
Taylor and King announce US dates
Singer-songwriters James Taylor and Carole King announce dates for the US leg of their much-anticipated Troubadour Reunion tour.
Back to basics for TV gardeners
TV show Gardeners' World is to go back to its roots after viewers began deserting the show following a revamp.
French director Eric Rohmer dies
Arthouse French film-maker Eric Rohmer has died at the age of 89, his producer tells the AFP news agency.
TV funeral for Corrie's Blanche
Much-loved Coronation Street character Blanche Hunt will be given an on-screen funeral later this year, the soap's producer says.
Guy Ritchie launches record label
The film director launches his own record label Punchbowl Recordings, named after his London pub and makes his first signing.
Embalming show seeks volunteer
A terminally ill patient is being sought to donate their body for mummification on a Channel 4 TV show.
Prisoners moved for Gibson film
About 300 inmates are transferred from a Mexican prison to make way for a film Mel Gibson plans to make there, despite protests from relatives.
Cullum and Dahl wed
Jamie Cullum and model Sophie Dahl tie the knot in the New Forest, according to her spokeswoman.
Hamilton and Scherzinger split up
Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton and his pop star girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger end their relationship after two years.
Mel B to host dance weight-loss show
Former Spice Girl Mel Brown is lined up to host a dance and weight-loss show on US TV.
Goodbye, Simon
Who will replace Simon Cowell on American Idol?
On the road again
Why Nick Cave was chosen to score The Road
Fighting fit
How the cast of Survivors escaped swine flu
Sound of 2010
Rising star Ellie Goulding on her "future folk" sound
Breaking the ice
Dancing on Ice returns to TV screens
In pictures
An exhibition honours The King on his birthday
