UK to smooth biodiversity path
Ingredients of a new deal on protecting global biodiversity are set to be decided this week at a meeting in London.
Birds 'breathe like alligators'
Alligators and birds share a breathing mechanism that may have helped their ancestors dominate Earth in Triassic times.
Cost of 2007 floods put at £3.2bn
Flooding in England in the summer of 2007 cost the economy £3.2bn, a report by the Environment Agency says.
Met Office rethink on forecasts
The UK Met Office debates what to do with its long-term and seasonal forecasting after they come under fire.
Herschel restored to full health
Europe's Herschel Space Telescope is fully operational again after engineers bring its damaged instrument back online.
Rival drug advice panel launched
An independent group designed to give "politically neutral" information about the risks of drugs is being launched.
Anti-malaria plant genes mapped
The global supply of a key anti-malaria drug is set to be boosted by a study of its genes, scientists say.
UK ministers 'can sack advisers'
Shadow science minister tells scientists 
that ministers should be able to dismiss their advisers "on any terms"
Becoming a space pilot may be a 'regular job' in 20 years
Becoming the pilot of a spaceship may seem the stuff of science fiction, but it could be a regular job in just 20 years time, a report says.
How defence scientists hope to save the UK's juniper bushes
Defence scientists at Porton Down in Wiltshire aim to save juniper bushes from extinction.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

Point of no return
Hilary Benn on halting the decline in world biodiversity
In pictures
Photos of solar eclipse seen across Africa and Asia
Help from on high
How satellites are used to help after disasters
In pictures
Scientists follow narwhals; strange, unicorn-like whales
Earth Watch
A dose of serious science at biodiversity school
Haiti quake
Why this was the worst of places for a big tremor
Science must end climate confusion
Scientists need to ensure their work is understood
Do we need to say our prayers?
In deeply religious African nations, such as Kenya, many people believe tackling climate change is beyond their control.
UK's biggest swan count underway
This weekend sees the start of the UK's biggest ever swan survey, part of an international effort to monitor the health of swan populations.
Pollution imperils polar bears
Man-made pollution threatens polar bears, a major review reveals.
'Keep space station until 2020'
Esa boss Jean-Jacques Dordain wants a decision in 2010 on an extension of the life of the International Space Station.
'Doomsday Clock' moves back
The Doomsday Clock, a barometer of nuclear danger for 55 years, moves one minute further away from midnight.
Ancient map has China at centre
A historic map of the world, with China at its centre, has gone on display at the Library of Congress in Washington.
Light shed on fish gill mystery
Fish developed gills to "decontaminate" their bodies, rather than to breathe, new research suggests.
Science explains the wrinkly dog
The genetic cause of the Shar-pei dog's wrinkled skin is explained by an analysis of pedigree dog breeds.
Radical sea defence rethink urged
"Radical thinking" needed to protect the UK's coastal communities from flooding in the future, a report warns.
New rule for salmon season
Anglers on the River Tay are being asked to free every salmon they catch in an effort to conserve stocks.
New Borneo bird species spotted
A new species of bird, the spectacled flowerpecker, has been spotted in the rainforests of Borneo.
Warming 'speeds' up emissions
Rising temperatures linked to global warming are not just a sign of climate change but are also a cause of it, a study suggests.
Puffins' winter odyssey revealed
Puffins from the North Sea's largest colony make a surprise excursion to the Atlantic Ocean, tags  fitted to the seabirds reveal.
