Movie made by chimps shown on TV
The world's first film shot entirely by chimpanzees is to be broadcast by the BBC as part of a natural history documentary.
Copenhagen 'fails forest people'
A multi-billion dollar deal to reduce deforestation could trigger conflicts in forest-rich nations, a report warns.
Dare-devil skydiver seeks record
Adventurer Felix Baumgartner will try to break the sound barrier during an attempt to make the highest parachute jump.
Prions 'may keep nerves healthy'
Experiments on mice may give a hint as to the normal function of the protein most usually linked to vCJD.
Experts stunned by swan 'divorce'
A rare "divorce" between a pair of swans is recorded at a Gloucestershire wildfowl sanctuary, experts say.
Rare warbler found in Afghanistan
Scientists say they have discovered a breeding site for the world's least-known bird species in a remote part of Afghanistan.
Donors urged to pay climate cash
A group of emerging economies urges donors to begin paying $10bn pledged to poor nations to tackle climate change.
Engineers 'can learn from slime'
The way fungus-like slime moulds grow could help engineers design computer and communication networks, say researchers.
Is there anybody out there? Quite possibly, says leading astronomer
The chance of discovering life on other worlds is greater than ever, according to Britain's leading astronomer.
How scientists programme bacteria to produce a light show
Scientists have produced a very unusual light show by engineering bacterial cells to fluoresce in synchrony.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

Science and vision
Why science should be at the heart of learning
Beyond the abyss
A glimpse at the strange creatures of the deep
Harrabin's Notes
Can influence on environmental policy be bought?
Fair game
Gorillas play competitive games just like humans
Earth Watch
A seismic shift in the political climate of climate change
The drifters
Did mammals float to Madagascar on vegetation?
Biodiversity nears 'point of no return'
Hilary Benn on halting the decline in world biodiversity
Science must end climate chaos
Scientists need to ensure their work is understood
Most promiscuous bird 'exposed'
The highly sexed saltmarsh sparrow is the world's most promiscuous bird, say scientists.
Wildlife photo stripped of award
The winner of a major wildlife photography award is disqualified.
Dye turns fabric into a battery
A method of creating energy storage devices using a carbon nanotube "ink" has been shown to work on ordinary fabrics.
Simple scan spots stress disorder
A quick scan of the brain's magnetic activity has been shown to diagnose post-traumatic stress disorder.
Meteorite colour mystery 'solved'
The Earth "changes the colour" of asteroids by shaking them up as they pass, according to scientists.
Brain size governs game prowess
If you find video games a struggle, it could be to do with the size of certain parts of your brain, a study suggests.
Technique 'tracks' spread of MRSA
Cambridge researchers have developed a technique for precisely tracking the spread of the superbug MRSA in hospitals.
Nature crisis 'must be tackled'
This year's UN biodiversity agreement is likely to hone in on the underlying causes of nature degradation.
Thames eel populations fall 98%
Scientists raise concerns over the River Thames' eco-system after its eel populations crash by 98%.
Hi-tech insurance for Kenya herds
A insurance scheme using satellite technology is launched in Kenya to offer herdsmen livestock protection during drought.
King-sized fast food for fur seal
Antarctic fur seals have been filmed catching and eating king penguins in the open ocean, behaviour not seen before.
UN climate deadline is 'flexible'
Countries can miss the deadline for sending emissions pledges to the UN, as greens mull the latest US election.
