Exxon Valdez oil 'still persists'
Large quantities of oil spilled during the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster persist beneath beaches in the region, a study finds.
Rare glimpse in the crystal cave
Professor Iain Stewart describes what it was like to get a rare glimpse inside Mexico's Cave of Crystals, which contains some of the largest natural crystals ever found.
Malignant malaria found in apes
The parasite which causes malignant malaria in humans has been identified in gorillas for the first time.
Evolution goes from foot to hand
The evolution of human hands was a "side-effect" of evolutionary changes in our feet, according to research.
UK to smooth biodiversity path
Ingredients of a new deal on protecting global biodiversity are set to be decided this week at a meeting in London.
Birds 'breathe like alligators'
Alligators and birds share a breathing mechanism that may have helped their ancestors dominate Earth in Triassic times.
Stem cell transplant hopes lifted
A technique which may remove the need for matched bone marrow transplants for patients is used in humans for the first time.
Met Office rethink on forecasts
The UK Met Office debates what to do with its long-term and seasonal forecasting after they come under fire.
First written reference of Isaac Newton's apple story goes online
The original version of the story of Sir Isaac Newton and the falling apple has been made available online.
The bear facts - webcam aims for first recording of bear birth
The birth of a wild black bear may be shown live on the internet, scientists hope.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

Spaceman
Methane on Mars: Esa and Nasa get down to business
Corpse danger
Do unburied dead bodies really spread disease?
Point of no return
Hilary Benn on halting the decline in world biodiversity
In pictures
Photos of solar eclipse seen across Africa and Asia
Flying high
Sea eagles bring an economic boost to the Isle of Mull
Help from on high
How satellites are used to help after disasters
Science must end climate confusion
Scientists need to ensure their work is understood
Do we need to say our prayers?
In deeply religious African nations, such as Kenya, many people believe tackling climate change is beyond their control.
Big swan count underway
The UK's biggest ever swan survey is started.
New Borneo bird species spotted
A new species, the spectacled flowerpecker, is spotted in Borneo.
UK ministers 'can sack advisers'
Shadow science minister tells scientists 
that ministers should be able to dismiss their advisers "on any terms"
Space pilot jobs set to take off
Becoming the pilot of a spaceship may seem the stuff of science fiction, but it could be a regular job in just 20 years time, a report says.
Herschel restored to full health
Europe's Herschel Space Telescope is fully operational again after engineers bring its damaged instrument back online.
Anti-malaria plant genes mapped
The global supply of a key anti-malaria drug is set to be boosted by a study of its genes, scientists say.
'Keep space station until 2020'
Esa boss Jean-Jacques Dordain wants a decision in 2010 on an extension of the life of the International Space Station.
Clean-up for Welsh waterways
Plans to improve the rivers, lakes and coastlines of Wales aim to restore them to a "near natural" state to encourage wildlife.
Cost of 2007 floods put at £3.2bn
Flooding in England in the summer of 2007 cost the economy £3.2bn, a report by the Environment Agency says.
Scientists act to protect juniper
Defence scientists at Porton Down in Wiltshire aim to save juniper bushes from extinction.
Radical sea defence rethink urged
"Radical thinking" needed to protect the UK's coastal communities from flooding in the future, a report warns.
New rule for salmon season
Anglers on the River Tay are being asked to free every salmon they catch in an effort to conserve stocks.
