Nasa concedes defeat over Spirit
The US space agency concedes defeat in its battle to free the Spirit rover from its Martian sand trap.
'Echoes' in bat and dolphin DNA
Scientists find striking similarities in the DNA that enables some bats and dolphins to use echolocation.
Esa tech satellite views eclipse
Proba-2, one of smallest satellites ever flown by the European Space Agency, pictures January's annular eclipse.
I will not go, says climate chief
UN climate science body's chief Rajendra Pachauri says he will not resign after an error on glacier melt appeared in a key report.
Economic growth 'cannot continue'
Continuing global economic growth "is not possible" if nations are to tackle climate change, a report warns.
China has 'open mind' on climate
China's lead climate change negotiator says he has an "open attitude" on whether global warming is man-made or natural.
Copenhagen 'fails forest people'
A multi-billion dollar deal to reduce deforestation could trigger conflicts in forest-rich nations, a report warns.
Dare-devil skydiver seeks record
Adventurer Felix Baumgartner will try to break the sound barrier during an attempt to make the highest parachute jump.
Monkeys prefer not to use long 'words', scientists conclude
Monkeys keep their chatter short and sweet, scientists reports.
A wild black bear gives birth live on the internet
The birth of a wild black bear has been shown live on the internet, filmed by scientists.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

In pictures
Sniffer dogs: The conservationist's best friend
The first X-ray
The image that changed the way we look at bodies
Spaceman
Why hasn't ET made that phone call yet?
RIP GDP
Economic growth and climate action 'is not possible'
Harrabin's Notes
New claims rock leading authority on climate science
Religious images?
Do climate campaigns rely on religious language?
Biodiversity nears 'point of no return'
Hilary Benn on halting the decline in world biodiversity
Science must end climate chaos
Scientists need to ensure their work is understood
Movie made by chimps shown on TV
The world's first film shot entirely by chimpanzees is to be broadcast by the BBC as part of a natural history documentary.
Most promiscuous bird 'exposed'
The saltmarsh sparrow is the world's most promiscuous bird.
Prions 'may keep nerves healthy'
Experiments on mice may give a hint as to the normal function of the protein most usually linked to vCJD.
Bacteria cells produce light show
Scientists have produced a very unusual light show by engineering bacterial cells to fluoresce in synchrony.
Engineers 'can learn from slime'
The way fungus-like slime moulds grow could help engineers design computer and communication networks, say researchers.
Dye turns fabric into a battery
A method of creating energy storage devices using a carbon nanotube "ink" has been shown to work on ordinary fabrics.
Simple scan spots stress disorder
A quick scan of the brain's magnetic activity has been shown to diagnose post-traumatic stress disorder.
Experts stunned by swan 'divorce'
A rare "divorce" between a pair of swans is recorded at a Gloucestershire wildfowl sanctuary, experts say.
Rare warbler found in Afghanistan
Scientists say they have discovered a breeding site for the world's least-known bird species in a remote part of Afghanistan.
Donors urged to pay climate cash
A group of emerging economies urges donors to begin paying $10bn pledged to poor nations to tackle climate change.
Nature crisis 'must be tackled'
This year's UN biodiversity agreement is likely to hone in on the underlying causes of nature degradation.
Thames eel populations fall 98%
Scientists raise concerns over the River Thames' eco-system after its eel populations crash by 98%.
