Puffins' winter odyssey revealed
Puffins from the North Sea's largest colony make a surprise excursion to the Atlantic Ocean, tags  fitted to the seabirds reveal.
Science explains the wrinkly dog
The genetic cause of the Shar-pei dog's wrinkled skin is explained by an analysis of pedigree dog breeds.
Stingray's 'tool use' revealed
Freshwater stingrays use water as a "tool" in problem solving tests, scientists reveal for the first time.
Mars lander's survival 'unlikely'
Nasa listens for signals from the Phoenix Mars lander, but says it is unlikely to have survived the Martian winter.
Arctic tern's epic journey mapped
The Arctic tern's extraordinary pole-to-pole 70,000km migration is detailed by an international team of scientists.
Physicist death blamed on US and Israel
Iran's state media accuse Israel and the US of being involved in a bomb attack which killed an Iranian physicist in Tehran.
Extremist unit in climate hack case
The National Domestic Extremism Unit is helping Norfolk Police investigate the leaking of climate change data, it is revealed.
Jurassic tree survives big chill
What is believed to be the world's most northerly grove of a prehistoric tree is so far surviving Scotland's big freeze.
How a property of salad dressing helps solar cells build themselves
Researchers have used a property of salad dressing to get electronics to self-assemble on a range of surfaces.
Bizarre cricket caught on camera for the first time
A new species of cricket is caught on camera for the first time - and its bizarre behaviour has surprised scientists.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

Haiti quake
Why this was the worst of places for a big tremor
Cold flap
The winners and losers in Britain's freezing bird life
Climate confusion
Scientists need to ensure their work is understood
Stat defence
Can you use maths to catch airline bombers?
Medical alchemy
Scientists find a way to turn rattan wood into bone
In pictures
How aircraft contrails turn into clouds
Do we need to say our prayers?
In deeply religious African nations, such as Kenya, many people believe tackling climate change is beyond their control.
Fighting Copenhagen's failings
World leaders must quickly make amends for failing to deliver a binding deal at the Copenhagen climate summit.
Wild boar forage in Forest bins
The creatures are spotted rooting through rubbish bins to find food during the big freeze.
Sweden culls its wolves
Sweden begins a legal cull of 27 wolves.
'Wet computer' project kicks off
An EU project to engineer "chemical computers" that mimic the actions of neurons in the brain has begun.
Free men 'built Egypt's pyramids'
Tombs discovered near Egypt's great pyramids reinforce the theory they were built by free workers rather than slaves.
Neanderthal 'make-up' discovered
Scientists claim to have the first evidence that Neanderthals wore "body paint" and possibly jewellery some 50,000 years ago.
Ex-science chief 'suing over job'
The former director of the UK's Royal Institution (RI) might sue for sexual discrimination after losing her job.
Tackle science fraud, China urged
An editorial in the medical journal the Lancet has urged China's authorities to do more to prevent scientific fraud.
Protection status for Lundy sea
The sea around Lundy Island becomes the first marine site in England to be protected by new government powers.
Action urged on nature 'crisis'
The UN launches a Year of Biodiversity, warning that the on-going loss of species affects human well-being worldwide.
Big freeze 'good for pond life'
Contrary to received wisdom, frozen ponds will not harm most wildlife within them, conservationists say.
Grey squirrels 'don't harm birds'
Grey squirrels have little impact on woodland bird species in England, a study by the British Trust for Ornithology shows.
Punishment pays for fish cleaners
Male fish that nibble parasites off larger fish punish females of the species when they bite and drive off the bigger fish.
