UN 'wake-up call' on nature loss
The UN launches a Year of Biodiversity, warning that the on-going loss of species affects human well-being worldwide.
Neanderthal 'make-up' discovered
Scientists claim to have the first evidence that Neanderthals wore "body paint" and possibly jewellery some 50,000 years ago.
Science body sued over job loss
The former director of the UK's Royal Institution (RI) is to sue for sexual discrimination after losing her job.
Grey squirrels 'don't harm birds'
Grey squirrels have little impact on woodland bird species in England, a study by the British Trust for Ornithology shows.
Tackle science fraud, China urged
An editorial in the medical journal the Lancet has urged China's authorities to do more to prevent scientific fraud.
'Wildlife in crisis' in frozen UK
Britain's wildlife is on "the brink of a crisis" as harsh winter conditions continue to grip the nation, warn conservationists.
Coral reefs are evolution hotspot
Coral reefs give rise to many more new species than other tropical marine habitats, say scientists.
Food industry is 'too secretive'
A Parliamentary report calls the food industry "secretive" in its use of and research into nanotechnology.
Contracts for Galileo sat-nav
Contracts worth one billion euros are awarded to build an operational satellite-navigation system for Europe.
Male fish that nibble parasites punish females that get 'greedy'
Male fish that nibble parasites off larger fish punish females of the species when they bite and drive off the bigger fish.
Cleopatra's heavy make-up was good for eyes, research suggests
The heavy eye make-up favoured by ancient Egyptians such as Cleopatra might have had medical as well as aesthetic benefits, research suggests.
Richard Black on what's happening to our shared environment

In pictures
How aircraft contrails turn into clouds
Creature comforts
How the cold snap is affecting the animal kingdom
Medical alchemy
Scientists find a way to turn rattan wood into bone
Nuclear solution
Uranium 'bank' offers way to stall atomic disputes
Earth Watch
Does conservation need a rare dose of the common touch?
Spaceman
Europe's sat-nav project edges to the launch pad
Do we need to say our prayers?
In deeply religious African nations, such as Kenya, many people believe tackling climate change is beyond their control.
Fighting Copenhagen's failings
World leaders must quickly make amends for failing to deliver a binding deal at the Copenhagen climate summit.
Two killer whale types identified
There is not one but two types of killer whale living in UK waters.
Giant Amazon fish 'under threat'
Giant freshwater Amazonian fish are threatened by overfishing.
'Shorter' get more lung disease
People who develop chronic lung disease are more likely to be shorter in height than the general population, Nottingham researchers say.
Super-Earth 'began as gas giant'
The smallest known planet outside our solar system started its life as a Saturn-sized gas-rich planet, researchers say.
Tracks record oldest land-walkers
The earliest evidence of a four-legged animal walking on land is discovered in a disused Polish quarry.
Female toads inflate to avoid sex
Female cane toads inflate their bodies to prevent amorous males from maintaining their grasp, say scientists.
Atom bomb survivor dies, aged 93
The only person officially recognised as having survived both atomic bombings in Japan dies, aged 93.
New wind farm zones announced
Successful bids for nine new offshore wind farm zone licences within UK waters have been announced.
Methane release 'looks stronger'
Scientists have uncovered a further apparent increase in the leakage of methane gas that is seeping from the Arctic seabed.
Japan whalers 'ram' activist boat
Anti-whaling activists accuse a Japanese whaling ship of a ramming attack on one of their boats in Antarctic waters.
'Grow your own' strategy unveiled
Plans to boost food production in Britain and reduce its impact on the environment have been unveiled.
Kenya holds 'rhino poaching gang'
Kenyan authorities arrest a gang suspected of killing a white rhino and cutting off its horns for sale on the black market.
