Is U.S. Orca Baby Boom a Fluke?
Some scientists attribute the growth of the orca population to a steady supply of food.
Sun May Soon Send Magnetic Storms Toward Earth
The sun's prolonged quiet period seems to be headed towards an abrupt end.
Talented Dog Sniffs Out Bedbugs
Dogs have been trained for years to detect bombs, drugs, mold, and now bedbugs.
Titan: A Climate Out of This World
Amazing discoveries have been made about the atmospheric cycle of Saturn’s largest moon.
Where Did San Francisco Bay's Sea Lions Go?
The famed sea lions have been found, 500 miles north on the Oregon coast.
Warmer Climate Could Stifle Carbon Uptake by Trees
Study shows that subalpine forests are likely to absorb less CO2 as climate warms.
Kleptomaniac Sea Slug Makes Chlorophyll Like a Plant
Animal shown to manufacture a key photosynthetic compound.
Experimenter Sees Clean World Running on Hydrogen
Burning hydrogen for energy is possible without releasing greenhouse gases.
Mind-Reading Systems Could Change Air Security
Security systems that aim to predict behavior using body language could be down the road.
Human Ancestors May Have Been Seafarers
Hand axes excavated on Crete suggest hominids made sea crossings to go 'out of Africa.'
Shutting Down the Brain with Colors
New tools use light to turn off brain cells and possibly treat brain disorders.
'Nanodragster' Races Toward the Future of Molecular Machines
The vehicle is only 1/50,000th the width of a human hair.
Fruit Fly Bodies Hoard Stem Cells
Protective pockets hold reserves until it's time for stem cells to become intestinal cells.
Astronomers: We Could Find Earth-Like Planets Soon
Top NASA official, leading scientists believe discovery of Earth-like planet is four or five years away
Sumatran Tiger Cubs Caught on Video for the First Time
The World Wildlife Fund captured the two tiger cubs along with their mother on the island of Sumatra.
EU's Delayed Navigation System to Take Off in 2014
The Galileo satellite network may provide more accurate information than the Global Positioning System.
WISE Sees its First Stars
NASA's new infrared observatory is ready for action.
From Crickets to Whales, Animal Calls Have Something in Common
Researchers find one common denominator amongst the calls of hundreds of species.
'Ferropaper' is New Technology for Small Motors, Robots
Magnetic paper could be used to make low-cost micromotors.
Only Fifteen Percent of Solar Systems Resemble Our Own
Astronomers find that, while our solar system is not rare in the galaxy, it's hardly in the majority.
TV Makers Ready to Test Depths of 3-D
In order to enjoy the enhancement of 3-D, consumers will have to wear awkward special glasses.
Burst May Reveal Some of the Oldest Dust in the Universe
Remote flash may have uncovered supernova-generated dust from just 1 billion years after Big Bang.
Experts: Cold Snap Doesn't Disprove Global Warming
Climate scientists attribute recent cold weather to natural variability.
Fight Against Fat Goes High-Tech With New Devices
Scientists are developing wearable weight monitors to reinforce healthy behavior.
Evidence Fish Grew Legs Much Earlier Than Thought
The first four-footed animals with a spine were walking on open ground 397 million years ago.
Revealing the Explosive Heart of Eta Carinae
Observatory discovers previously hidden forensic secrets at the ballistic core of the Homunculus Nebula
Hubble Goes Deep and Wide for New View of Galaxies
Space telescope's multiwavelength compilation image shows 12 billion years of cosmic evolution.
Hawaii's False Killer Whales May be Endangered
The federal government is considering placing the large dolphins on the endangered species list.
New 'Strawberry' Crab Species Found Off Taiwan
The newly discovered species has small white bumps atop its red shell.
Carbon Nanotubes Show Promise for High-Speed Genetic Sequencing
Faster DNA sequencing could open the door for personalized diagnosis and treatments.
A Black Hole 'Dance Party'
Team finds 33 merging galaxies with 'waltzing' black-hole pairs
To a Mosquito, Matchmaking Means 'Singing' in Perfect Harmony
Research shows that mosquitoes fail to harmonize if they are not of the same type or of the same gender
Planet-Hunting Telescope Unearths Hot Mysteries
Kepler has located two stellar bodies, thousands of degrees hotter than the stars they circle.
Receding Glaciers Filling Rivers With Gravel
Mount Rainier's shrinking glaciers are exposing vast amounts of gravel and sediment.
2010 Predicted to Have Minimal Aurora Activity
Slow sunspot activity is blamed for the least-active period ever recorded for the phenomenon.
New-Found Galaxies May be Farthest Back in Time and Space Yet
Potential finding uses data that push limits of current technology.
Remains of Early 1900s Plane Found in Antarctica
The aircraft was the first ever taken to Antarctica, in 1912.
Future Uncertain for Stuck Mars Rover
As it enters its sixth year of service on Mars, NASA's rover may be permanently stuck in a sand trap.
Communicating Using Brain Waves and a Computer
New technology could allow the disabled to communicate using their own brain waves.
Arctic Could Face Warmer and Ice-Free Conditions
There is increased evidence that the Arctic could face seasonally ice-free conditions.
Engineered Tobacco Plants Have More Potential as a Biofuel
Researchers have been able to increase the oil content in tobacco plant leaves.
Age of Solar System Needs a Fresh Look
Honed measurements show age overshot by amount significant to earliest stage of formation.
Space Telescope Finds its First Extrasolar Planets
Mission uncovers one Neptune-like and four Jupiter-like bodies.
Solar Showdown in Calif. Tortoises' Desert Home
Rare tortoises seem to have found themselves in the way of a huge solar-energy project.
Scientists Find Clue to Killer of Tasmanian Devils
A fast-killing cancer has decimated the animal's numbers by 70 percent since 1996.
Questions and Answers About Full-Body Scanners
Full-body scanner machines are designed to find explosives and nonmetallic weapons.
Solution to Killer Superbug Found in Norway
The overuse of antibiotics has lead to drug resistant strains of curable diseases.
Phone Points Illegal Border Crossers to Water
The device is being designed to direct migrants to water stations, and pipe poetry through its speakers
Guide to Breaking Cell Phone Security Revealed
The codebook details how to curtail the encryption used on more than 3 billion mobile phones.
Russia May Send Spacecraft to Knock Away Asteroid
The Russian space agency will hold a meeting to asses a possible mission to intercept Apophis.
Police Mount Cameras on Officers' Heads
Experts say the cameras could help catch officers behaving badly, and clear those falsely accused.
Scientists Look to Mussels for Evidence of Pollution
Mussels store contaminants in their tissue, thus providing clues into the state of their environment.
Pressure Rises to Stop Antibiotics in Agriculture
The misuse of antibiotics has resulted in the mutation of diseases into drug resistant strains.
Conservation Groups Buy Working Forests
In an odd shift, conservation groups in Oregon are now the forest industry's biggest allies.
A Do-It-Yourself Bed-Bug Detector
With bed-bug numbers on the rise in North America, researchers test homemade bug finders.
Environmentalists: Endangered Species Need Action
Listings under the Endangered Species Act have reached an all-time low.
Magma Building Up in Philippines' Mayon Volcano
The Mayon volcano could produce a hazardous eruption within days.
Police, Fire Departments Use Translation Gadget
The devices can translate entire statements aloud in a chosen language.
Cell Phone Mania Forces Scramble for More Airwaves
Mobile phones are increasingly exchanging more data, and clogging up the wireless frequency spectrum.
China Treating Severe Swine Flu with Blood Plasma
While the technique is not yet proven, it has shown a potential to save lives.
Engineered Glowing Tadpoles Detect Pollution
The tadpoles were modified with jellyfish genes to indicate the presence of pollution.
Glaciers an Important Marine Food Source
As glaciers continue to shrink, scientists analyze their impact on the marine food chain.
High-Tech Vehicles Pose Trouble for Some Mechanics
As vehicle technology becomes increasingly complex, independent mechanics find it difficult to keep up.
Warming Has Already Boosted Insect Breeding
Records suggest extra generations at same time as temperature increases.
New Star Coming in 1 Million Years
Radio telescope catches early stage of a star's formation.
Tides in Earth's Crust Trigger Small, Deep Quakes
Study of the San Andreas fault finds that just a little added stress makes a quake more likely.
With Warming Trend, Ice Forms Later in Adirondacks
Late forming ice in the Adirondacks suggests an upward trend in temperatures.
First Reported U.S. Case of Dog With Swine Flu
The 13-year-old mixed breed male appears to have contracted the virus from his owner.
China Expands Internet Controls
The Chinese government will be tightening the process for domain name registration.
Teeth Suggest Dinosaur Was Venomous
Fossils show depression in upper jaw that held venom-producing glands.
Understanding Which Chemicals Promote Aggressive Behavior
Scientists have identified an aggression-promoting pheromone, along with the neuron that detects it.
U.S. Expert: 'Too late' to Save Northern White Rhino
The northern white rhino is the most endangered "mega-vertebrate" on Earth.
Forest Plan Gets the Ax at UN Climate Talks
Known by its acronym REDD, the program would have paid poor nations to protect their own forests.
Could Gas Play Role in Global Warming Fight?
While still a fossil fuel, natural gas emits half as much carbon to generate electricity than coal.
Atom Smasher Preparing 2010 New Science Restart
The world's largest atom smasher will be ready in February.
Cells Move in Mysterious Ways
Scientists have for the first time tracked how cells move in three dimensions.
Acid Oceans: The 'Evil Twin' of Climate Change
Current treaty negotiations do not specifically address the effects of carbon absorption on marine life
Experiment May Have Detected Dark Matter
Events in underground experiment too few for certainty, but match signature of dark matter particles.
Global Warming a Tough Sell for the Human Psyche
Recent surveys suggest that Americans are not exactly consumed by concern over climate change.
Scientists Observe Deep-Sea Volcano for First Time
Scientists were able to witness the eruption of a deep-sea volcano with the aid of a submersible robot.
Rains Fail Again Across East Africa
Many areas in East Africa have received less than 5 percent of normal rainfall.
Israel Plunges Into Water Technology
Israeli firms are expanding into fields such as desalination and sewage-eating bacteria technology.
NASA, Google Offer More Precise Emissions Tracking
With some extra funds, NASA could place a carbon monitoring observatory into Earth orbit.
Iceberg the Size of a City Off the Coast of Australia
NASA images show iceberg B17-B adrift off the Southwestern coast of Australia.
Evidence that Land Use Decisions Influence Climate Change
Irrigation decreases, urbanization increases monsoon rains in the Indian subcontinent.
Greenland Glaciers: What Lies Beneath
Researchers learning more about how water beneath glaciers contributes to ice loss.
Identifying the Natural Chemical that Attracts Mosquitoes (and Disease)
Mosquitoes seem to find humans irresistible. Now scientists may know why.
Nearby SuperEarth May Host Water
Astronomers say this and other discoveries suggest finding habitable planets is only a matter of time.
Study Suggests Greater Sea Level Rise from Warming
New study suggests ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica are at risk of "large scale disintegration."
Portions of Arctic Coastline Eroding, No End in Sight
The northern coastline of Alaska is eroding by up to one-third the length of a football field annually.
No Single Villain Behind Honey-Bee Colony Collapse
Many factors may interact to bring on the mysterious disorder.
U.S. Counting on Cows to Reduce Emissions
Government agreement with the dairy industry seeks to reduce its greenhouse emissions 25 pct by 2020.
Black Soot Choking Tibetan Glaciers
Temperatures are rising on the Tibetan Plateau, and the culprit is air pollution sources in Asia.
Devices Will Spin Denser Webs of Data in 2010s
The evolution of computing and the internet will produce faster, increasingly intelligent devices.
Engineering Water-Efficient Plants
Newly identified enzymes help plants sense elevated CO2 and could lead to water-wise crops.
Evidence of Ancient Maya Colonial Expansion
Dynastic founder K’inich Yax K’uk’ Mo’ may have been installed by kingdom to the north.
Australian Government to Introduce Internet Filter
The new system would make Australia one of the strictest internet regulators among democratic states.
Butterflies in Space
Three monarch butterflies lived for a week aboard the International Space Station.
Swiss Geologist Stands Trial for Triggering Quakes
Markus Haering's drilling project caused earthquakes that rattled the city of Basel in 2006.
"Super-Earths" Common Around Nearby Stars
Planet hunters have discovered as many as six low-mass planets around nearby Sun-like stars.
Satellites Eye Dwindling Water in Central California
Aggressive agricultural pumping has taken its toll on the state's water resources.
Aerosols in the Atmosphere
New approach to aerosol research boosts prediction power for climate and air quality models.
Killer Catfish? Venomous Species Surprisingly Common
Researchers have found that more than 1,600 species of catfish may be venomous.
Atom Smasher Ramps Up Collisions Before Year End
The $10 billion machine has produced 50,000 proton collisions at the highest energy level ever recorded
Seed Giant Dominates Genetically Altered Crop Market
World's largest seed developer has patented genes inserted into 80 percent of all corn grown in the U.S
Assistive Technology Allows for New Lease on Life
New devices allow the disabled to better express themselves to others, and lead a fuller life.
Panda Genome Reveals Some Surprises
DNA clues suggest little inbreeding, and helps explain the bear's bamboo diet.
