Bat Researchers No Longer Flying Blind On Echolocation
New study sheds new light on the way that bats echolocate.
Do Children Need Both a Mother and a Father?
Researchers found no evidence of gender-based parenting abilities.
Scientist: Alien Life Could Already Be On Earth
Physicist believes that life on earth did not necessarily descend from a single origin.
NASA Ends Effort to Free Rover from Martian Sand
The Mars rover has logged nearly five miles during six years of operations on the red planet.
Levitating Magnet May Yield New Approach to Clean Energy
Experimental machine may offer 'alternative path' to taming nuclear fusion.
New Material Sops Up Radioactive Cesium
Isotope catcher could safely store waste from power plants.
Common Stain Repellent Linked to Thyroid Disease
Long-term health study shows connection with blood levels of perfluorooctanoic acid.
IPCC's Himalayan Glacier 'Mistake' No Accident
Newspaper reports that unsubstantiated numbers were used intentionally.
Scientists Create Model of Monster 'Frankenstorm'
The hypothetical scenario would unleash as much as 8 feet of rain over three weeks.
Tsunamis Could Telegraph Ahead of Their Arrival
Telecommunication cables may warn of giant waves.
Sunflower DNA Map Could Produce Plants for Fuel
Crossbreeding could produce plants filled with complex sugars that can be turned into ethanol.
San Andreas Fault Study Unearths New Quake Information
Study suggests a reduced estimate of time between large earthquakes.
First Direct Evidence of Ocean Acidification
A vast region of the northeastern Pacific Ocean shows signs of increased acidity, brought on by CO2.
Gene Sleuthing Tracks Variation in Superbug
New gene scanning sheds light on the spread of drug-resistant staph bacteria.
Children Grasp Time With Distance in Mind
Beginning in early in childhood, spatial knowledge may inform a concept of time.
The Fantastic Armor of a Wonder Snail
The shell protecting this unique snail could lead to improvements in man-made materials.
Global Warming Opens Up Arctic for Undersea Cable
It is now possible to lay underwater fiber optic cable between Tokyo and London.
Naked Mole Rats Provide Insights Into Oxygen Use
The naked mole rat is tiny, toothy and completely blind.
Experts: Haiti at Risk for Another Big Aftershock
The country has experienced more than 45 aftershocks since the January 12th earthquake.
Study Links Asia to Smog Component in Western U.S.
The study is the first link between atmospheric ozone over the U.S. and Asian pollution.
Massive Collision May Have Exhausted Stellar Building Blocks
The light emitted by young stars in a dwarf galaxy 12 million light-years away is flickering out.
Study Suggests Theory for Insect Colonies as 'Superorganisms'
A new study shows that insect societies operate with many of the same biological rules as individuals.
Study: Rising Seas Threaten Bangladesh Tigers
A projected sea-level rise of 11 inches by 2070 may wipe out the remaining tiger habitat.
UN: Himalayan Glaciers Warning Not Backed Up
A 2007 report said that the Himalayan glaciers were likely to disappear within three decades.
Egypt Announces Find of Ancient Cat Goddess Temple
Archaeologists have unearthed a 2,000-year-old temple.
Gravel Beaches Trapping Oil from 1989 Exxon Spill
At least 20,000 gallons of crude oil remain in Prince William Sound, 20 years after the tanker disaster
NASA Listens for Silent Mars Lander
The lander was not designed to withstand the extreme Martian winters.
Cricket Pollination Discovered for the First Time
Island found to host first known flower-pollinating cricket.
Scientists Scramble to Analyze Haiti Quake
Teams work to understand and model what could happen next.
Scientists Warned Haiti Officials of Quake in '08
Haitian officials were warned in 2008 of an impeding quake, but lacked sufficient time to react.
Scientists Turn Stem Cells Into Pork
New technology could have widespread implications for our food supply.
Self-Control: It's Contagious
New study reveals that the impulse for self-control--or the lack thereof--is contagious.
Alligators Breathe Like Birds
Tricky measurements of flow reveal air moves through animal in one direction.
CO2 Increase in Our Oceans May Stifle Phytoplankton
Chemical changes in seawater make a key nutrient less available to these important organisms.
Technology Aims to Replace Animal Testing
New technology uses laboratory-grown human skin cells to simulate allergic reactions.
Why Haiti Keeps Getting Hammered by Disasters
A deadly combination of geography, poverty and poor building standards are to blame for Haiti's woes.
Future Nuclear Reactors Could Rely on Graphite
Graphite is extremely heat resistant, and could thus withstand the intense heat of a nuclear reactor.
Men More Evolved? Y Chromosome Study Stirs Debate
Study finds that the Y chromosome seems to be evolving faster than the rest of the human genetic code.
Soysoybeanbean? Scientists Decode the Soybean Genome
Chromosomes copied themselves at least twice.
Sunflower Holds the Promise of Sustainable Agriculture
New research will create a reference genome for the sunflower family.
Study Supports Connection Between BPA and Heart Disease
Cardiovascular data for U.S. population suggest link to plastics chemical .
Texas Town Welcomed Drilling, Now Fears Pollution
Tests of the region's air found elevated levels of the cancer-causing chemical benzene.
Indian Tribe Hopes to Profit from Solar Energy
Tapping wind and geothermal energy may provide poor Indian tribes with much needed revenue.
Egypt: New Find Shows Slaves Didn't Build Pyramids
Some believe latest find proves that ancient pyramid workers were paid laborers.
Global Ice Age Climate Patterns Influenced by Bering Strait
Small geographic feature has large impacts on climate.
Gene Variant Might Guard Against Alzheimer's
Same form has been linked to longevity and 'good' cholesterol levels.
Is U.S. Orca Baby Boom a Fluke?
Some scientists attribute the growth of the orca population to a steady supply of food.
Sun May Soon Send Magnetic Storms Toward Earth
The sun's prolonged quiet period seems to be headed towards an abrupt end.
Talented Dog Sniffs Out Bedbugs
Dogs have been trained for years to detect bombs, drugs, mold, and now bedbugs.
Titan: A Climate Out of This World
Amazing discoveries have been made about the atmospheric cycle of Saturn’s largest moon.
Where Did San Francisco Bay's Sea Lions Go?
The famed sea lions have been found, 500 miles north on the Oregon coast.
Warmer Climate Could Stifle Carbon Uptake by Trees
Study shows that subalpine forests are likely to absorb less CO2 as climate warms.
Kleptomaniac Sea Slug Makes Chlorophyll Like a Plant
Animal shown to manufacture a key photosynthetic compound.
Experimenter Sees Clean World Running on Hydrogen
Burning hydrogen for energy is possible without releasing greenhouse gases.
Mind-Reading Systems Could Change Air Security
Security systems that aim to predict behavior using body language could be down the road.
Human Ancestors May Have Been Seafarers
Hand axes excavated on Crete suggest hominids made sea crossings to go 'out of Africa.'
Shutting Down the Brain with Colors
New tools use light to turn off brain cells and possibly treat brain disorders.
'Nanodragster' Races Toward the Future of Molecular Machines
The vehicle is only 1/50,000th the width of a human hair.
Fruit Fly Bodies Hoard Stem Cells
Protective pockets hold reserves until it's time for stem cells to become intestinal cells.
Astronomers: We Could Find Earth-Like Planets Soon
Top NASA official, leading scientists believe discovery of Earth-like planet is four or five years away
Sumatran Tiger Cubs Caught on Video for the First Time
The World Wildlife Fund captured the two tiger cubs along with their mother on the island of Sumatra.
EU's Delayed Navigation System to Take Off in 2014
The Galileo satellite network may provide more accurate information than the Global Positioning System.
WISE Sees its First Stars
NASA's new infrared observatory is ready for action.
From Crickets to Whales, Animal Calls Have Something in Common
Researchers find one common denominator amongst the calls of hundreds of species.
'Ferropaper' is New Technology for Small Motors, Robots
Magnetic paper could be used to make low-cost micromotors.
Only Fifteen Percent of Solar Systems Resemble Our Own
Astronomers find that, while our solar system is not rare in the galaxy, it's hardly in the majority.
TV Makers Ready to Test Depths of 3-D
In order to enjoy the enhancement of 3-D, consumers will have to wear awkward special glasses.
Burst May Reveal Some of the Oldest Dust in the Universe
Remote flash may have uncovered supernova-generated dust from just 1 billion years after Big Bang.
Experts: Cold Snap Doesn't Disprove Global Warming
Climate scientists attribute recent cold weather to natural variability.
Fight Against Fat Goes High-Tech With New Devices
Scientists are developing wearable weight monitors to reinforce healthy behavior.
Evidence Fish Grew Legs Much Earlier Than Thought
The first four-footed animals with a spine were walking on open ground 397 million years ago.
Revealing the Explosive Heart of Eta Carinae
Observatory discovers previously hidden forensic secrets at the ballistic core of the Homunculus Nebula
Hubble Goes Deep and Wide for New View of Galaxies
Space telescope's multiwavelength compilation image shows 12 billion years of cosmic evolution.
Hawaii's False Killer Whales May be Endangered
The federal government is considering placing the large dolphins on the endangered species list.
New 'Strawberry' Crab Species Found Off Taiwan
The newly discovered species has small white bumps atop its red shell.
Carbon Nanotubes Show Promise for High-Speed Genetic Sequencing
Faster DNA sequencing could open the door for personalized diagnosis and treatments.
A Black Hole 'Dance Party'
Team finds 33 merging galaxies with 'waltzing' black-hole pairs
To a Mosquito, Matchmaking Means 'Singing' in Perfect Harmony
Research shows that mosquitoes fail to harmonize if they are not of the same type or of the same gender
Planet-Hunting Telescope Unearths Hot Mysteries
Kepler has located two stellar bodies, thousands of degrees hotter than the stars they circle.
Receding Glaciers Filling Rivers With Gravel
Mount Rainier's shrinking glaciers are exposing vast amounts of gravel and sediment.
2010 Predicted to Have Minimal Aurora Activity
Slow sunspot activity is blamed for the least-active period ever recorded for the phenomenon.
New-Found Galaxies May be Farthest Back in Time and Space Yet
Potential finding uses data that push limits of current technology.
Remains of Early 1900s Plane Found in Antarctica
The aircraft was the first ever taken to Antarctica, in 1912.
Future Uncertain for Stuck Mars Rover
As it enters its sixth year of service on Mars, NASA's rover may be permanently stuck in a sand trap.
Communicating Using Brain Waves and a Computer
New technology could allow the disabled to communicate using their own brain waves.
Arctic Could Face Warmer and Ice-Free Conditions
There is increased evidence that the Arctic could face seasonally ice-free conditions.
Engineered Tobacco Plants Have More Potential as a Biofuel
Researchers have been able to increase the oil content in tobacco plant leaves.
Age of Solar System Needs a Fresh Look
Honed measurements show age overshot by amount significant to earliest stage of formation.
Space Telescope Finds its First Extrasolar Planets
Mission uncovers one Neptune-like and four Jupiter-like bodies.
Solar Showdown in Calif. Tortoises' Desert Home
Rare tortoises seem to have found themselves in the way of a huge solar-energy project.
Scientists Find Clue to Killer of Tasmanian Devils
A fast-killing cancer has decimated the animal's numbers by 70 percent since 1996.
Questions and Answers About Full-Body Scanners
Full-body scanner machines are designed to find explosives and nonmetallic weapons.
Solution to Killer Superbug Found in Norway
The overuse of antibiotics has lead to drug resistant strains of curable diseases.
Phone Points Illegal Border Crossers to Water
The device is being designed to direct migrants to water stations, and pipe poetry through its speakers
Guide to Breaking Cell Phone Security Revealed
The codebook details how to curtail the encryption used on more than 3 billion mobile phones.
Russia May Send Spacecraft to Knock Away Asteroid
The Russian space agency will hold a meeting to asses a possible mission to intercept Apophis.
Police Mount Cameras on Officers' Heads
Experts say the cameras could help catch officers behaving badly, and clear those falsely accused.
Scientists Look to Mussels for Evidence of Pollution
Mussels store contaminants in their tissue, thus providing clues into the state of their environment.
Pressure Rises to Stop Antibiotics in Agriculture
The misuse of antibiotics has resulted in the mutation of diseases into drug resistant strains.
Conservation Groups Buy Working Forests
In an odd shift, conservation groups in Oregon are now the forest industry's biggest allies.
A Do-It-Yourself Bed-Bug Detector
With bed-bug numbers on the rise in North America, researchers test homemade bug finders.
Environmentalists: Endangered Species Need Action
Listings under the Endangered Species Act have reached an all-time low.
Magma Building Up in Philippines' Mayon Volcano
The Mayon volcano could produce a hazardous eruption within days.
Police, Fire Departments Use Translation Gadget
The devices can translate entire statements aloud in a chosen language.
Cell Phone Mania Forces Scramble for More Airwaves
Mobile phones are increasingly exchanging more data, and clogging up the wireless frequency spectrum.
China Treating Severe Swine Flu with Blood Plasma
While the technique is not yet proven, it has shown a potential to save lives.
Engineered Glowing Tadpoles Detect Pollution
The tadpoles were modified with jellyfish genes to indicate the presence of pollution.
Glaciers an Important Marine Food Source
As glaciers continue to shrink, scientists analyze their impact on the marine food chain.
